" All of this has been developed and sustained while maintaining Delhi’s green cover,"	1
" it’s like looking thru a layer of Vaseline – everything is blurred and fuzzy – not to mention how bad it smells at times,"	0
 Organized chaos ensued with people grabbing whatever seats were available and to hell with reservations….	0
 rubbish strewn everywhere.	0
" the white marble still clean and smooth,"	1
" you don't quite forget that your blisters have joined in holy matrimony and made one giant blister baby or the fact that you really need a wee and there's not a toilet in sight,"	0
In spite of the Governments efforts the hygiene and cleanliness is still an issue though there is a hi-decibel public awareness campaign.	1
" Despite the smell it's quite cool wandering through the little streets,"	0
 Hotel Atithi was probably the most modern and clean hotel so far.	1
 but not quite as nice or clean as the hotel in Delhi.	0
" gives off a smell of human hair burning,"	0
 I was the only person who wore her flip flops to get in the river (I couldn't bear to put my feet in the gross dirty sand of the river.	0
) I hope I am sin free and clean of bad energy as I did submerge in he Ganges up to my knees!	1
 Many of the people in India litter everywhere and a lot of them spit on the floors alot!	0
" cleaned up a little,"	1
 I could smell his Dhal sauce simmering.	0
 and smelling multitudes of stimuli.	0
" Presently cleaning the minarets,"	0
" He kept telling us it was fixed when it wasn't and after we'd been listening to the running water for 20 minutes and somebody turning up to clean up the bathroom after the engineer,"	0
 et apparemment on n’est pas les seuls à s’être faits « avoir par l’heure » vu la longue file de personnes qui ont raté l’enregistrement.	0
" We had a big clean room,"	1
" a super clean bathroom,"	1
 no stains on the bedsheets and the towels.	1
" the shared bathroom (with squat toilets) and the horribly dirty kitchen (and hey,"	1
" with cockroaches and rats running around) we were only going up to the rooftop,"	0
 it is a dirty city.	0
 We then organized a rowboat and rower.	1
" This was the first time the smells were strong and with the sacred cattle wandering through the alleys,"	1
 There is no smell when the bodies are burning.	0
" Our hotel was clean and quiet,"	0
" this is in stark contrast to the surrounding areas where you can see and smell mounds of waste in amongst slum villages,"	0
After a quick clean up at the hostel we headed out and made a beeline for the closest ghat.	0
 Surprisingly it didn't actually smell bad at all.	1
 clean with plush interiors .	1
 the beaches clean and the town peaceful .	1
" A true gentleman with a clean soul ,"	1
 You could certainly see that it was every monkey for themselves as they scrapped over rubbish and food thrown onto the tracks.	0
 If this wasn’t enough there was hundreds of rats running up and down the rails.	0
 As they stopped many released their toilet waste onto the tracks.	0
 Not to worry the rats cleaned some of it up.	0
 rats and humans you would think it would be fatal.	0
 The feeling got worse and I had to go to the toilet because of diarrhoea; then I had to go again.	0
 I had to go to the toilet twice.	0
 On board I had to go to the toilet very often and I didn’t eat much.	0
" but it was such a clean cut and with ca 1 cm still at place,"	1
" Although very clean (they were expecting the visit of President Obama who never showed up),"	1
 The place was stinking and again there was litter and honking horns everywhere.	0
" but even if it was just a reduction in litter and pollution,"	0
 We realized that we were in the poverty area or even in the slum (we passed a huge trash spot) and an old man pushed me.	1
" always had clean faces for bedtime,"	1
" I'd like to think she'd bought some clean underwear since Delhi,"	1
" I had a shower and I wasn't best pleased when I noticed she hadn't cleaned the toilet and used my facecloth that was on top of my wash bag,"	0
" rats everywhere,"	0
" looked and smelled clean,"	0
 The toilet actually wasn't too bad although I wiped the seat and hovered rather than sit.	0
 but at least it was a good way not to make the toilet cubicles smell so much.	1
 It was so nice just to feel clean and relax and I was really looking forward to seeing the sunset tonight.	1
 as it stands for a good listener (big ears) good sense of smell (trunk) and full of knowledge (big head) Hindus ask this God to bless everything to the point where you can drive a new car untaxed if you are taking it to be blessed.	1
was a good example of why the English are so rubbish at cricket: here was the evidence they couldn't bowl.	0
 though they smell of piss and are over run with touts and drug dealers in the evening.	0
 these strict rules are in place in order to keep the air around it as clean as possible and to maintain a protected barrier.	1
" with no litter or discarded plastic bags in sight,"	0
" no plastic litter allowed,"	1
" loads of rubbish everywhere (mainly shredded plastic),"	0
" This was the India of documentaries on poverty – with rubbish heaps randomly scattered through streets,"	0
" It was a super clean hotel and the room was smallish but very,"	1
The rooms were quite clean and big.	1
" which makes it smell like a sulphur spring,"	0
" There was clean sheets,"	1
" Now I had been reading about the on goings around these waterways and you often read of the rubbish and pollution,"	0
luckily for us the prime minister had visited a few days ago so in a matter of hours India was sparkling clean by Indian standards anyway.	1
 The Ganges almost looked clean enough to swim in.	1
" You can see people washing Laundry near piles of collected rubbish and even further north,"	0
 Prefer hotel cars as they will ensure cleanliness and safety.	1
 Sandstone is the regional specialty the amazing thing about sandstone is that once you wash it with water it keeps your room fragrant with smell of wet earth.	1
 There is an old fort not very well maintained but in case you are into that you might consider visiting it.	1
" I have my own toilet and a fan that works,"	1
 The whole of Varanasi in general is pretty dirty and smelly.	0
 it smells that fucking bad it warrants swearing.	0
 You submerge yourself under the water 3 times and then chant and it is supposed to cleans your soul and absolve your sins and make you pure again.	1
 and stopping by our bunks to stand durning the journey to their stop and some very funky smells as Steph delicately put it.	0
 and walking past or stain ding near our bunks chatting very loudly to each other or on their phones etc so no sleep til Varenasi ( a tribute to the Beastie boys there lol).	1
 And can I say for the record my clothes were manky and had a funky smell - delightful lol.	1
 Of course it was hot and there were the smells of food cooking and some not so nice smells too.	0
 It was full of spicy smells and some rather not so nice smells too.	0
 Such a cacophony of smells and sounds all competing and melting with one another.	0
" We are staying in a small family run hotel which is basic but clean and comfortable,"	1
They also collect the cow dung and dry it out nard use it to fuel their fires and then use the ashes to clean the dishes.	1
 and we had one loo stop where the toilet was behind a pile of timber!	0
" Dinner was a dirty chicken burger at McDonalds which was fun,"	0
" as their teeth are stained red,"	0
" Some of the smells were pretty overpowering,"	0
 cleaning their clohes and cleaning themselves to using it as a toilet or a pen to keep their water Buffalo in.	0
and stressed my foot was going to need a total clean out at the hospital for absolutely no reason at all.	0
 as the noise and smell and crush of the masses of people can be overwhelming.	0
We had a nice brunch at OM then headed back to the hotel to get organized for a walking tour we had arranged with Varanasi Walks.	0
 basically asking me if he could use them to go to the toilet… I was horrified but as usual good mannered and said yes.	1
 We stopped halfway for a toilet break and there was a large evil looking monkey sitting near the car.	0
 While taylor was in the toilet I got out to try snap a photo of the monkey but he quickly saw that as an invitation to come closer so I jumped back into the car.	0
 as Taylor was still in the toilet and I had all our luggage and her phone in the wall socket etc.	0
 sounds and smells in and around the ghats .	0
" human urine and faeces from dogs,"	0
 and I cleaned up buying a stack of their scarves!	0
" Animals everywhere foraging through loads of litter and debris,"	1
starting to look like a toilet rota system was going to have to be worked out with us both in a pretty bad way.	1
 I have this mythological belief that its important to my chai shop 'friends' that I maintain patronage – what is that?	1
 He runs a toilet-size shop selling this and that in his 'spare' time.	0
his chai in clean small white porcelain cups (nice touch!	1
 All part of being in this wonderful but very dirty city.	1
 it wasn’t as dirty or crazy as we expected.	1
" have a fantastic shower to clean off the grime and tiredness,"	1
 the lane is flooded with putrid smelling water and I retreat.	0
" it would smell bad,"	0
 particularly the large amounts of garbage that can be found everywhere.	1
 Large groups of cows gather in piles of trash along the roadside grazing for scraps.	0
 and we are told that the garbage problem is particularly terrible in this state.	0
" I won’t dwell on the garbage and poo,"	0
 Our room was big and clean with air conditioning!	1
" if she wanted toilet paper,"	0
 I don’t know if it so much for respect of the structure as it is to keep it clean and the marble shiny.	0
 food vendors; serving chilli mixes from laundry buckets with dirty hands and dirty moustaches.	1
" Wishing I could eat delicious smelling food,"	1
 it looks and smells delicious.	1
 Crowds and noise and a dirtiness you will not experience anywhere else.	0
 so the story goes that cow herds were used to capture these houses and my grandfather had singlehandedly managed to renovate and maintain one house.	1
 our guide quickly cautioned us that we would now be seeing it dirty and it might smell a bit.	0
 We looked at each other not imaging how it could be much worse than we saw and smelled the evening before.	0
 Most of the shops were still closed but a number were starting to open and the guide bought Michelle a small string of pretty tiny flowers that smelled like jasmine.	0
" Michelle waited in one of the clean stores selling aryuvedic oils,"	0
 smell and spiritual senses will be tougher to convey.	0
 India is just as dirty up close as it is from the view in the backseat of our car.	0
 sights and smells are just more intense.	1
"Back in the safety and cleanliness of our hotel,"	0
 this nullifies the awful smell of burning flesh.	0
 tourists snapping pictures and people tossing garbage into the river.	0
Oh and in mentioning the trash did I mention it is everywhere?	0
 I mean mounds of trash on every street everywhere.	0
 the rubbish is everywhere and the smell horrendous.	0
 turns out this is the outside public toilet and this was the first time I’ve not seen someone using it.	0
 Although there is a guy stood near the toilet who wanted a tip for opening the door for me.	0
 I was talked through how it is made and met the guys that on Fridays restore and clean the Taj Mahal.	0
" The man led me to an Indian-style toilet; there was no door and it could partially be seen from the living area: if anyone turned their heads from the TV,"	0
” I said again as he walked away to allow me as much privacy as I could have in a one-room home with a toilet with no door.	0
” I thought when I’d finished: I’d forgotten to take toilet paper with me.	0
" which had a lovely – and clean – campus and attended the nightly Puja during the evening,"	1
 and eat burning trash on the side of the road.	0
" As you’re trying to clean your shoes,"	1
 I have no complaints as to the cleanliness of these trains.	1
 The air conditioning has worked well both times but the toilets are smelly and not very nice by the end of the trip.	0
 Probably because there was no smell and I know that this has been happening for hundreds of years and will continue to happen for hundreds more.	0
" The surfaces are so dirty you don't want to touch them,"	0
"Bishal had organized with the mini van driver to take us to and from Agra Fort this afternoon,"	1
 over the heat and the pressure to buy rubbish I don't want.	0
 Then you pass by miles and miles and miles of tent cities or garbage cities.	0
 The garbage cities give way to fields of grains and even greenery.	0
 punctuated by the occasional man urinating in the street.	0
 It seemed clean and the owner gave me a cold bottle of water on arrival and showed me their stunning rooftop restaurant overlooking the Ganges.	0
The alleyways were so muddy and dirty that we were caked with mud.	1
Yesterday morning at about 06:00 I was awoken by the calls of the Chai wallah (man selling sweet tea) walking up and down the night train selling sweet smelling Chai.	1
 The hotel itself was in a suburb of Agra and the room was clean even if the shower was again cold.	0
 urine en koeienvlaai overheerste.	0
 After a few days someone discovered that if you walked 10 minutes to the right of camp you would come upon a clean tributary that was secluded and perfect for swimming.	1
 many years of experience led them to some simple ideas and overall the toilets were quite clean.	1
 put in some ceramic squat toilets and have people tend to them to make sure they are clean.	1
 These were placed every few blocks whereas urinals both men and women’s were placed next to the road ever few hundred feet.	1
 The urinal was some corrugated tin for walls and a pipe that collected and took away the urine.	0
" Although some of the urinals were pretty nasty,"	0
 overall the toilet situation was better than any festival I’ve attended in the US.	1
 I despise the disgusting portable toilets with their blue chemical that ends up smelling horrible especially in the sun when they become saunas of stench.	0
 lots of stained glass and wooden carved partitioning.	1
 relatively clean and architecturally shows it’s Muslim roots) to catch the train to Jhansi where we will catch a rickshaw to Orchha (in Madhya Pradesh) for 2 days and then it’s onto familiar turf – Delhi & Jaipur before flying out.	1
 We head for the Sheesh Mahal restaurant as its location is good in the middle of the palaces (and it serves beer) but the menu is rubbish so we go back into town to explore more options.	1
 dirty old bar in Delhi to inform you that the place you are about to travel to “takes no prisoners” is always concerning.	1
"Varanasi is littered with grimy,"	0
 the familiar smell of incense and candles filled our nostrils as trails of smoke bellowed forth from the flames of the ceremonial fire.	1
" Silk shops are littered throughout the city,"	0
 sounds and smells of this ancient city centre.	0
" The streets are clean and Delhi's Metro is fast,"	1
" the jostling crowds all looking and listening amongst the litter and glitter of jewels,"	0
 We organized with our hotel to drop us off at the south train stations.	1
 the clerk maintained an unpleasant demeanor and the driver continued to linger in the lobby asking us every 5 minutes if we’d decided whether or not to hire him for half a day for 500 rupees – he’d chosen to ignore our frequent requests for time to think about it or discuss it later.	1
" The food was very good but extremely spicy…Scott and I were total champs and cleaned our plates,"	1
" bare-footed worshippers and visitors alike had to step with care as many large bees littered the floor,"	1
imagine how terribly Indian toilets can smell.	1
 I saw this guy leaving the toilet with his pants opened and his dick hanging out and then I completely freaked out and refused to fall asleep on the train.	0
and cook everything so we got this broth with hen pieces which were like bones and organs and the good thing was the kitchen didn't have much light so we couldn't really see what we were eating ? The best part was yet to come.	1
 we asked our driver and our guide to take us to a shop so we could buy something new and clean and mainly dry!	1
" dirty children running around,"	0
" so after cleaning up the whiskey and a few photos with other important wedding officials it was back to the wedding itself and when i walked in everyone in the whole place was just starring at Simona ,"	1
 We found our pick-up straight away with a minimum of hassle which took us straight to the right hotel and we were checked into a clean enough room in minutes.	1
 You smell shit and piss but then occasionally wafts of amazing cooking drift past.	0
" Built of impeccably maintained semi-translucent white marble,"	0
 it exuded cleanliness and order – two qualities in short supply in India – but still felt utterly at home in it's surroundings.	1
 We organized with our hotel to drop us off.	1
 the smells can not be adequately described in words nor pictures.	0
 And I found both a large rat and a small mouse in the room.	0
 We can only imagine that if it had been sweltering the smell would be hard to stomach in some of the places we've visited and I wouldn't be snivelling with a tiresome cold!	1
"At the Zoo the highlights are a dirty white tiger (found at last after many blind alleys),"	0
 clean and have good shops and facilities – part of the new modern India.	1
Toilets can be found at every Metro station and most tourist sites managed by “The Sulabh Toilet Complex” who charge only Rs 2 and they look after the loo’s pretty well.	1
 What one gets as a benefit is a free trip to the toilets (wow – Indian style value for money?	1
 dirty children running barefoot alongside us.	0
 such a place in Europe would be thoroughly preserved and maintained as a major tourist attraction.	1
 the dirt and garbage are better contained to a small degree from the small sampling we’ve viewed.	1
 which was definitely pressing our luck considering that just the day before we had seen our fair share of the dirty unkempt marketplace in Jaipur.	0
 sounds and smells were a bit much and we didn’t really enjoy much of it.	0
" It was like going to the corner of Squalor and Garbage Streets,"	1
 Crowded shops selling everything imaginable and garbage everywhere.	0
" but without garbage cans and a way to move it away,"	0
 but he was easily cleaned up when we got to our room and then we had a few hours sleep before going out to explore the city in the daylight.	1
" Well it was dirty and rickety,"	0
 The only slightly awkward aspect was the method of rubbish disposal.	0
 It's just the done thing rather than letting rubbish clog up the train.	0
 except occasionally next to your toilet (best not look inside).	0
" but we justified it that if we'd have kept our rubbish on the train,"	0
someone else would have chucked it through the window anyway and people were starting to get a bit annoyed at the smell of curry emanating from our corner.	0
" I’ve always had a weakness for libraries and their smell of old,"	0
 The bus itself was a dirty piece of rusty metal.	0
 the palace was pretty clean so being all philosophical just might work.	1
 It’s moderately clean but the openings in the wall for the fan and under the door have allowed a few critters to get in.	0
 At one point a cockroach jumped onto the leg of the clerk who took me to the room and he just brushed it off.	0
 Garbage and feces was floating in the stagnant water and algae the kind that grows from trash and chemicals was growing all over.	0
 The repugnant smell alone was enough to keep me away from exploring further.	0
 And I saw my first rats since I’m here!	0
"I had spent the night in a clean room,"	1
 They needed to clean my first one and prepare the second one.	1
 cow dung and spit and the occasional urine flowed across the paths through blackish yellow valleys.	0
 I got to realize that I can take any smell that comes to my nostrils but cigarette smoke is definitely the worst.	0
I looked for the Brown Bread Bakery for some solace as it was supposed to be a very clean and welcoming place for tourists away from the hustle and bustle of the streets.	1
 I upgraded my usual hotel choice and took a nice shower in a clean bathroom.	1
 More impressive than the smell is the explosion of the intestine and stomach that create a shock.	0
 Kudos to New Delhi for having a clean and efficient international terminal.	1
" Our walk down the road to the nearest point that vehicles can get to the Taj (it got discoloured by pollution so they had to clean it with some ancient recipie,"	1
 Followed by using the toilet only for a woman to nab Emma on the way out by throwing dry tissue into her wet hands after she washed them and demanding 100 rupees (to give that context in tourist sites you pay 5 rupees to use the toilet).	0
"To find the Burning Ghat walking through the intricate web of Varanasi's alleyways we followed the pungent smell of burning flesh,"	0
A few choice photos were taken before the toxic smell of urine from the public loo became too much and we had to race back towards entrance.	0
" forcing us to press against the spit stained walls,"	0
 but throw away litter with such careless abandon.	0
 smells and sights.	0
 which got me acquainted with my toilet a lot more frequently than I would have liked.	0
 making sure all our stops had Western toilets and reasonable food.	1
" I actually vomitted in a Western toilet at this place so cannot be held reponsible for my choice of doona cover,"	1
 dirty dismayed bodies made their way through the people to outside the Patna station with the thought of finding a jeep to drive us to Varanasi.	0
 little did we know it would poss beat the rubbish dump in Turkey to the title of THE worst!	0
"street sewers were overflowing; the smell was and still is indescribable,"	0
of decaying rubbish and poop (politest way of putting it!	0
the noises and the majority of the smells outside.	1
 filled with smell of different foods.	0
 green and the people trying to make it clean by putting waste in wastebin.	1
trash and even human feces.	0
 People just dropped their trash right on the tracks rather than placing it in the bins on the platforms.	0
 I wondered how safe the water is to drink or if they have become immune to the bacteria that could still reside in that water that would send us to the toilet for hours.	1
" refilled and resold as """"clean"""" water."	1
" cows picked at the trash looking for food,"	0
 and trash even brings a rainbow of colors to the scenery.	0
 and a toilet that did not flush.	0
" I plan on finding a good organization soon and making donations that way,"	1
 I'm now stained with a cute memory of this 12 year old doing henna.	1
 dirty city.	0
" most probably due to being clean and more westernised than any other place of interest,"	1
 M will never smell incense sticks again (they use it to mask the smell of the sh1t - unsuccessfully) without feeling a bit sick.	0
" It has maintained its religious heritage since the 6th century BC in one continuous tradition,"	1
 There was a group of young girls practising yoga and several people meditating among the piles of rubbish on the terraces.	0
 There is an identical building to the east which was only added to maintain the symmetry of the complex.	1
 There were rats running along the back on the platform and dogs and doggie do do's all over the place.	0
 The smell of the tracks was revolting.	0
 Next to the tracks were lines of hoses that are used to clean the trains' toilets when they arrive at the platform.	0
 It is the waste from these toilets that was causing the dreadful smell.	0
 The litter was appalling.	0
The place is a total one off from the smell and the cowshit everywhere to the burning bodies and the bodies just floating along the river.	0
 the smell is stomach turning.	0
 ended up Litterally having to grab onto to our wheely backpacks while explaining to the man that to wheel a bag is no trouble and we can manage on our own.	1
 1 English tv channel and sort of clean but with a bad smell which we worked out seems to be the smell of Agra.	1
 wrapped in a dirty shawl and possibly thinner than yesterday we had our fingers crossed that he had a good breakfast and the snorts coming from the front where just the usual Indian mans spitting and hacking and not his last breaths.	0
 A funky smell pervaded the air.	0
 curbs and sidewalks and someone actually picks up the trash that is piled in the gutter.	1
 more so that it is dirty and unpleasant.	0
Eventually and with regret we drew ourselves away from the Taj only to spend the remainder of our time staring at it fixatedly from our rooftop while we maintained our full bellies.	0
 ear cleaning (for some reason they are surprised we don’t want them rooting down our ear canal with a stick that’s well acquainted with some other folk’s lug hole) and relentless begging.	1
" other than propping their dirty feet or rudely throwing their bags (which I defiantly kicked away in my “sleep,"	0
 noise and smells made for a very uncomfortable night.	0
 dirty train ride was a proverbial “nail in coffin” with respects to my health.	0
" For two days I’d been restricted to that little bed with dirty sheets,"	0
 where the food was clean and reliable (for my sake) and the view along the whole length of the ghats insurmountable.	1
 It is very dirty though and the smell can get too much at times.	0
 I thought that the smell of the burning people must be horrible but you don't smell that at all.	1
" The airport is modern and has clean toilets,"	1
"The hotel was our next port of call Jitu suggesting one that was average but clean enough,"	1
 I could smell a strange odour and heard some small squeaking noises.	0
 that and cleaning our teeth with Coca-Cola and biscuits for toothpaste.	1
CDs on the river and dhobi-wallahs pounding clothes to within an inch of their lives in the name of cleanliness on the washing stones.	1
 Another draw was that it had the cleanest toilet we had come across in all of India!	1
 The giggling got especially hysterical when a roll of toilet paper that Mom MADE me carry fell out of my purse and rolled down the centre aisle of the car – hahaha!	0
a) Blare your horn maintaining your current course of direction and speed.	0
 Rubbish strewn along the sides of the road.	0
" I did meet a very nice street dentist along the way who sat up against a red brick wall on his three legged stool with his array of false teeth all dirty and coated in grime and laid out next to a variety of interesting looking creams,"	1
 The poverty and trash here in Bharatpur was incredible and really wears on the soul.	0
" garbage and red paan (people chewing betel leaf with areca nut and lime paste,"	1
 sewage and even human and animal remains which carry major health risks by either direct bathing in the dirty water.	0
 full of rats or unlabelled so that no-one has the foggiest what the animal inside is.	0
 Not much more than a dirty river we found out on our first day.	0
" After one of my quick toilet dashes I cam back to find that the VIP area had been taken over by a billion nurses trying to revive the woman (who I am sure was dead,"	0
 flat screen tv and numerous blood stains on the wall.	0
" The best part about it was that it hadn't been cleaned from the previous occupant,"	0
 However the toilet was unscathed.	0
" I wonder if it ever occurred to them that laying freshly cleaned clothes out on a dusty road is counterproductive,"	0
 Once again the grounds are clean and well kept.	1
 going to the toilet in it all niggles at me in the back of my mind but in this moment I just appreciate that this is every day life for many of these people.	0
" my capturing this scene is akin to someone photographing me putting my dirty clothes into the washing machine at home,"	0
 men repairing boats with a heavy smell of bitumen hanging in the air.	0
 Of course many parts of India are poor and dirty but Varanasi seems to be to an extreme.	0
 The stench however is terrible but then the whole of Varanasi smells so bad it is hard to determine one vile pong from the next.	0
"point out """"The only good thing about Varanasi is that you can fart and nobody notices cos the whole place smells anyway!"	0
 Not much reassurance at all really when you see what they put in the Ganges and knowing how famous the Indians aren't for having clean water?	0
 the toilet shares neither of those attributes).	0
 We drive through streets so dirty that the shit rises up the sides of building and seems to completely engulf the people walking in it.	0
 Eventually I see a sign for the hostel and am relieved that I have not been led by this shifty driver to my death in the dirty streets of Varanasi.	0
" other times they are cleaning your room,"	1
etc) and also talks about toilet stops.	1
 Dirty old man!	0
 It looked very worn and it was not very clean so we decided to head back to our guest house and eat there.	0
" There is the constant smell of urine from dogs,"	0
 but mainly men who believe any wall is a toilet and most walls are uphill of the river.	0
" You also smell and must avoid,"	0
 I have ignored flies and the other obvious smell which comes from the human funeral pyres.	0
