" There was some traffic because only part of the road was being resurfaced,"	0														
 which is a concrete viewing platform sticking out from the road over the downward slope of the mountain.	0														
" It turned out that the roadworks may have been keeping them away but for a different reason than noise or smell - with the road mostly not being used,"	0														
" They had one cottage located in the middle of the pineapple fields where Kyle,"	1														
 crops and fruit trees everywhere you look.	1														
This is the view out the back door of our bungalow.	1														
" Being a heavily crowded two lane road,"	0														
 That was a smooth drive with less traffic until reaching near Tirupati.	1														
facilities having excellent view of the Seven hills.	1														
 beautiful reception lounge and convenient car parking.	1														
 I could notice significant water accumulations in the fields both sides of the highway signifying heavy rainfall occurred few days back.	0														
 A beautiful red and golden sun was going down below the horizon.	1														
 I stopped my car to enjoy the spectacular sunset.	1														
" There were number of traffic signals to negotiate,"	0														
 There were number of river-facing rooms to enjoy the splendid beauty of the river.	1														
 But mountains therein looked barren at many places and lush thick vegetation like here was not a common sight.	1														
 Traffic was slow and hundreds of trucks were waiting to cross the border.	0														
" The Golden Sea Beach here attracted tourists,"	1														
Early morning I reached the Sea beach and to my surprise hundreds of people were already waiting for the same reason.	1														
 Location of the hotel was not ideal since the sea beach was not directly visible.	1														
 beauty of NH enhanced much more after a rain and the dry road got a new life.	0														
Scenic beauty of this leg was breathtaking and beyond narration.	1														
 NH 16 (towards east) proceeded here with mountain ranges on the left side and Chilka Lake on the other side.	1														
 I stopped my car and sat on a hillock quite sometime to enjoy the enchanting beauty of nearby mountains and Chilka Lake on the distant downhill.	1														
 This place was ideal to have a bird’s eye view of the entire area.	1														
"Sitting on the hillock I could view the NH 16 proceeding towards the distant horizon,"	1														
 This portion was arguably the most scenic of my entire journey.	1														
 Viewing the mystic chilka at night during moonlight from the running train was a heavenly sight and was one of my cherished memories I would never forget.	1														
 It was a big city and I had to spend around 45 minutes to combat with busy traffic and cross the city.	1														
 There was heavy police posting throughout my journey and good traffic management could be noticed everywhere.	0														
" Each of them had beautiful name like Kokila,"	1														
15 AM and caught into painful traffic in Bangalore - Mysore Highway.	0														
 Moreover it was quite crowded upto Nanjanagudu.	0														
 Thereafter it was an excellent drive inside the forest thru the mountain track.	0														
 Another attraction was existence of no of trees standing behind these cottages.	1														
 We could watch varieties of birds in those trees next morning.	1														
 There were two separate cots equipped with fantastic mosquito nets.	1														
 It was extremely difficult for any insect/mosquito to pierce thru the window.	1														
 Behind the cottage was a large field with plantations.	1														
 At the end of the field the dense forest started.	1														
" It was a glaring day with beautiful sunshine,"	1														
 We climbed the hillock and noticed a beautifully crafted branch of an uprooted tree.	1														
 enjoyed cool breeze with bright sun-shine and magnificent view all around.	1														
" A 360 degree view could be watched from here,"	1														
 But hungry belly and distant view of crowd near the canteen prevented us to wait further.	1														
 the resonance of tree leaves.	1														
 That area was gifted with lot of trees and home to varieties of birds.	0														
" That place was heaven for bird watchers,"	1														
" particularly a row of mid-sized trees behind Vanasuma and Vanaranjini cottages,"	1														
There was a private memento shop after crossing the Forest Check Post named Temple Tree Designs.	1														
 We had both Mosquito Coil as well as Mosquito Repellent in our stock.	1														
 But we did not notice mosquito/insects coming inside the room.	1														
 our original plan of beginning early (to avoid the painful Bangalore traffic) did not materialise.	0														
flyover was very crowded particularly due to ongoing Metro construction work upto Kengeri.	0														
" Apples were beautifully arranged like Pyramid in the Van,"	1														
" Beautiful greeneries could be seen outside,"	1														
 No vehicular traffic was allowed between 6 PM to 6AM next day.	0														
 View of the forest was wet and mystic.	1														
 Innumerable tall trees could be seen behind and the left of the Guest House.	1														
" Two separate cots with mosquito nets,"	0														
 we noticed the deer herd walking around the tree branches.	1														
"noise of barking deer,"	0														
difficult to view properly while driving.	0														
First view of the falls from quite a distance was a pale white patch coming thru the mountains.	1														
 A mystic and beautiful sight.	1														
A beautiful Rameshwara temple was situated at the foothills and adjacent to the ticket counter.	1														
From the foothills itself the roaring sound of the waterfalls could be heard.	1														
 There was no noise except the sound of nature.	1														
 Todays feature was the sound of wind emanating from huge tree leaves nearby Guest House.	1														
 We brought both manual as well as electrical “mosquito repellent” and both were operating.	0														
 Both the cots were equipped with separate good-looking Mosquito nets.	0														
 I could hear the sound of tree leaves further strengthened due to strong wind blows.	1														
 We carried Mosquito Coil as well as Mosquito Repellent.	0														
" not because of mosquitos but to protect from insects,"	0														
One of my main problems was the traffic… I considered myself fortunate I didn’t have to drive in it (you need courage to drive in India!	0														
" There’s not many places in Indian cities where you can walk around quiet streets,"	0														
Selecting a particular que in a crowded Toll Booth with so many options was anybody’s guess.	0														
 Intensity of traffic largely reduced after Hosur and we could increase the speed.	1														
 The road between Hosur and Krishnagiri/ Dharmapuri was very scenic with surrounding hills in both sides.	1														
 Car was smoothly cruising the highway and we were enjoying the surrounding beauty of nature.	1														
 we reached the beautiful Ghat Section near Salem.	1														
" NH44 was proceeding amidst this beautiful landscape like a serpent,"	1														
 we faced traffic congestion and decided to fill our stomach.	0														
 Inside atmosphere was calm and quite.	1														
 This was a narrow and crowded road.	0														
" Locating a place in a big crowded city like Madurai,"	0														
" This beautiful temple is the abode of Goddess Parvati,"	1														
 Roads in and around the temple were very narrow and heavily crowded with all kinds of vehicles and pedestrians.	0														
 Fortunately there was not much crowd to observe the same.	1														
 There was a beautiful balcony adjacent to the room.	1														
 Three big trees in the garden located very near to the balcony were accommodating no of squirrels and varieties of birds.	1														
 Gradually tall mountain ranges emerged in the distant horizon.	1														
 Road was extremely busy with full of traffic throughout the journey to our ultimate destination.	0														
 Road passed thru several busy areas (both in Tamil Nadu and subsequently in Kerala) and in all these places traffic congestion was a big pain.	0														
 One mosquito repellent was provided without any repellent oil.	0														
 Main idol of Sree Padmanahaswamy is about 18 Ft long and can be viewed through three main doors.	1														
 there was not much crowd and huge congestion in front of the deity and we had an excellent darshan of the Lord.	0														
"View of Indian Ocean,"	1														
 This place was beautiful with greeneries everywhere.	1														
 The road was heavily crowded with all kinds of vehicles.	0														
 the agility and skill of negotiating crowded streets by the Red Colour State Government Buses were noticeable.	1														
 Thereafter the environment became quiet and lonely.	1														
Kanyakumari beach was next in the list.	1														
 Drizzle started and we were enjoying the panoramic view of the sea and the rainfall taking sip in the tea cup from the hotel balcony.	1														
 Panoramic view of the swelling sea waves striking the sea shore were really fascinating.	1														
 mountain ranges in distant horizon created a scenic view in the morning sunshine.	1														
 I pressed the horn but it ignored and paused almost at the middle of the narrow road.	0														
 The right hand mirror of the car hit the horn of the cow and was completely broken.	0														
The sea beach was wonderful and pleasant.	1														
 It was a nice and peaceful darshan.	1														
 turned the roads into rivers and the traffic into even more random chaos.	0														
 We approached the main road (which we needed to be on the other side of) and there were 4 rows of moving traffic coming from the right… my first though was oh great we have to get in that and then find somewhere to do a U-Turn (which takes ages) but oh no… fear not… the Auto man was not going to waste time and without any hesitation just headed straight out into the traffic!	0														
 everyone crowded around… I tried to clean it up… nobody would let me clean it up and then the cleaning lady who happened to be nearby gave me the most unimpressed looks… I saw her the next day and smiled and I got another very unimpressed look :/ We also went out to a really nice Indian restaurant called Tandoor with the neighbour Marcus (who we’d met before) and his wife Elin (who’d just come back from overseas).	0														
 roads were having comparatively less traffic possibly due to Ugadi Festival.	1														
 Nearby fields were dry with traces of greenery in few places.	0														
Satara was very pleasant due to its panoramic beauty amongst hills.	1														
 Roads were filled with considerable traffic (noticeably large no of two wheelers).	0														
 There was comparatively less crowd in Mumbai roads also due to Gudi Padwa festival.	1														
"First route was convenient but the second route offered scenic beauty,"	1														
 two lane highway and above all crowded and risky.	0														
 After proceeding further the Savitri river took a beautiful turn.	1														
There was a banian tree on the bank of the river.	1														
 calm and quietness of the place and splendid nature around.	1														
 The road was narrow at some places like normal hilly roads but occasionally having heavy traffic with all kinds of small and large vehicles.	0														
" this curvy and scenic ghat road was spectacular through tall mountain ranges,"	1														
 Gradually the place became crowded with tourists.	0														
the vast area of mountain ranges.	1														
The fort area was huge and from the downhill it was difficult to believe that such a vast land existed on the mountain top.	1														
 The Shayadri mountain ranges surrounded in all its sides which made this place safe and difficult to conquer.	1														
"Beautiful tea cups in a road-side restaurant,"	1														
 Suddenly the landscape changed and we were driving thru majestic mountains and the deep valleys.	1														
It was a beautiful drive and probably the best part of our entire tour.	1														
" The scenic beauty was breathtaking with mountains with lush greeneries all over,"	1														
 We checked in Hotel Calangute Residency Annex (a Goa Tourism budget Hotel very near the sea beach) quickly and rushed to the sea beach.	1														
" The beach was full with thousands of tourists,"	0														
 Even after the night fall the beach was crowded.	0														
beach and had a nice sleep in cool breeze.	1														
The hotel was situated very near to the beach entrance.	1														
 Also lot of shops were selling light beach garments.	1														
Stoppage to Kolva Beach was worth remembering.	1														
" Guide explained that it was the 2nd longest (19 km) sea beach in India (after Marina,"	1														
There was no time for us to join and we left the beach with an interesting experience.	1														
There were two beautiful temples in our tour.	1														
" A beautiful Classical Bhajan was being played during our visit to the Mungeshi temple,"	1														
for public viewing once every ten years and attract viewers all over the world.	1														
 But when the entry gate opened the entire crowd was managed in a very well-planned and disciplined manner.	1														
 A very calm and quite place compared to the crowd of Goa Beaches.	1														
Dudhsagar Waterfalls by train.	1														
But the majestic and roaring waterfall made us mesmerised and at the same time frightened.	1														
 It was a mixture of fierce and beauty at the same time.	1														
It was a bumpy ride throughout a kachha road inside the dense forest and mountains on the horizon.	0														
 The scenic beauty was excellent to watch and enjoy.	1														
 He further recalled that earlier he used to take tourists from Kollem to the waterfalls thru a very narrow walking route just adjacent to the railway track by motorcycle.	0														
We reached the waterfalls at around 2 O Clock.	1														
Dudhsagar was a multi-tired waterfall and the railway track passed thru the middle portion of the waterfall.	1														
" We reached to the bottom of the falls from where a beautiful panoramic view of the top,"	1														
 the surrounding western ghat mountains as well as the green forest were visible.	1														
 The scenic beauty was extremely pleasing.	1														
 about 1 ½ hours away without traffic… 3 hours with Bangalore traffic.	0														
" The traffic is so so frustrating but you do go slow enough to notice what’s going on,"	0														
" a car making its way very slowly amongst the traffic… on the wrong side of the road,"	0														
 sugar cane and rice fields that got lusher and lusher.	1														
" It was really crowded inside,"	0														
 more traffic than usual.	0														
 after Andamans I thought any other beach wouldn't look so great.	1														
 Beautiful beach again!	1														
 There’s not much to say about the journey other than traffic… (most of my photos so far are of the traffic and cows for a reason… !	0														
 There are also some very nice and interesting views of Bangalore from the building.	1														
It’s Friday night now and it’s a quiet one… sorting out the house and watching Slumdog Millionaire.	1														
" it’s such a beautiful hotel and the staff are so nice,"	1														
I had a bit more shopping to do but because of the traffic (it takes a long time to get anywhere in Bangalore… most of my photos at present are of traffic) we had to get back to meet colleagues who were over from the UK for dinner.	0														
 you don’t get bored even in the traffic because there’s so much going on to look at.	0														
 At first I felt a bit daunted because I thought I should have had more clothes on (was wearing a T-shirt and knee length skirt) and it was really crowded but it was fine and one of the nicest shopping trips ever.	0														
 nice view and Brian liberated a coconut… am not entirely sure how he’ll get it open but we’ll see.	1														
 The city traffic on the Pune Bypass Road was dense and it took almost an hour to get out of it and reach Katraj Tunnel.	0														
" That era is remembered for the developments in the field of art,"	1														
 This jagati provides convenience and render a good view of the wall-relief and artistic sculptures to the visitors.	1														
 The traffic was sparse on the Bangalore – Mangalore Highway.	0														
 the local population to their places of work and students to their educational institutions.	1														
 Large timber yielding trees provide shade for these coffee bushes.	1														
 The view of Western Ghats from the top of the mountain was breathtaking and we could soak in the 360 degree panoramic view.	1														
" The 150-km long drive to Mangalore was scenic very through the ghats,"	1														
 Angry and frustrated people honking to get to place that they dred.	0														
 You look up and the canopy of huge trees will make you smile.	1														
 The floor is just as beautiful as the dry leaves are left to scatter around.	1														
The first thing we spotted on our tour were the banyan trees that made the path way all wavy as their roots sprung underneath.	0														
 I recommend standing close to the tree and patting it.	1														
 I don't know about anyone else but elephants have always been a source of wonder and awe to me and the banyan tree came pretty close.	1														
Then we walked towards a jack-fruit tree that made a prefect umbrella-picnic spot(minus the umbrella as the tree acted like one).	1														
The best part was the range of trees at the edge of the park that stood like the choir (close together) and almost sung.	1														
" A truly spectacular moment,"	1														
 it was like a cross between the room from “the Beach” and hell.	0														
 but in terms of beauty it's on a par with it.	1														
 chaos everywhere.	0														
 though a scenic train track through the heights of tropical forest however being one of the standing sardines in a thickly packed out second class coach (fit with crazy man lock & chained to a bar) for a delayed 8 hours wasn't so romantic as planned!	0														
I have seen nothing but view from above and airport.	1														
 Here there is a view over the city.	1														
 It was peaceful here with no school children.	1														
On the way to Pattadakal there were many birds in the fields and on the overhead wires.	1														
" Mysore Road used to be very crowded these days,"	1														
" but luckily there was not much traffic that day,"	1														
 There were big trees all around the village.	1														
He escorted us to the trees where the birds nested.	1														
 Pelican and Painted storks selected separate trees for their habitat.	1														
Most of those trees were located in between the village huts.	1														
 There were large sugarcane fields on the banks of the river.	1														
 Overall it was a nice view to enjoy.	1														
While climbing up to the caves we had a view down on the tank below.	1														
 The final visit before lunch (again at the mango tree) was to the queen's bath.	1														
 The drive included a very attractive section through rice paddy fields with Hampi boulder hills in the background.	1														
 There were birds in the paddy fields helping the farmers by eating the insects?	1														
We climbed the 650 steps up the hill to the view point and temple at the top.	1														
 The view included the river and we could see the boat crossing to our cottages.	1														
 In the other direction there was a view over rice paddy fields and the boulders.	1														
Vittala temple was quiet when we arrived and it gave a good opportunity to take photos.	1														
 From Ganesh we walked up forpopp good view over the river valley and Viruupaksha temple.	1														
"For lunch we sampled the """"Mango Tree"""" restaurant."	1														
and the orange tree has retainfees little of that feel with 70s style art work and lights.	1														
 The road to Hampi included a fast motorway section that had very little traffic and an ordinary road that was very busy with lorries.	1														
 Around the marriage hall which is the most spectacular room are pictures of the festival which takes place in October.	1														
 and the crowds watching.	0														
 From the gallery there was a view over the palace park.	1														
 We stopped on the way down for a view over the city and to seethe huge black Nandi bull.	1														
 Slowly the mist began to clear.	1														
 It flew up into a tree with its prey.	1														
 In a nearby tree there was a different kind of eagle.	1														
 Up in the trees there were jungle squirrels and langur monkeys.	1														
 The early morning sun coming through the trees was highlighted the wide variety of trees.	1														
 This shop was jammed full with Indian tourists.	0														
 The cars and the traffic drive over and this seems to be part of the threshing process.	0														
 There was also a section of the road with an avenue of banyan trees forming an arch over the road.	1														
 We have our own veranda with a view of the lake.	1														
 but their behaviour in the trees was much more interesting than their roadsidE behaviour.	1														
 They were eating the leaves of the tree and breaking off small branches and eating those.	1														
 All of us on our respective mean machine Royal Enfield (5 of it) started accelerating to respond to the beauty of road and the road looked more and more beautiful as we accelerated and travelled distance.	1														
Entrance and the view of Fort from entrance itself describes the history of the Fort.	1														
" Features of massive rock hills and scenic valleys,"	1														
" we headed to Hawamahal followed by a Big Rock to climb from where one can view the entire city of Chitradurga,"	1														
 with that there comes an end to our motto of exploring the beauty in City of Chitradurga.	1														
" With the Sun downing for the day our experience of exploring the beautiful history became a memory and with every passing light of Sun,"	1														
 our speedometers too came down to 80kms/hr due to heavy traffic and eye catching headlights of opposing vehicles.	0														
 Unbearable traffic in ever-busy Bangalore Roads was not visible.	0														
" Traffic was comparatively less,"	1														
 The traffic was considerably lesser.	1														
 NH4 was a six lane highway and the entire road was beautifully maintained.	1														
" it was a two lane Highway upto Hospet (around 130 Km from Chitradurga) with reasonable traffic (mostly trucks,"	1														
 particularly in view of the recurrent trouble of overtaking large vehicles in a comparatively narrow road.	0														
I also stopped near a Sunflower cultivation field on the roadside.	1														
"Despite having great historical significance and being the centre of humongous and beautiful Muslim Architecture,"	1														
This is one of the most beautiful monuments I have seen anywhere.	1														
 I was coming thru interior villages as well as cultivated fields in both sides of the road.	1														
 The temple was enriched with beautifully carved walls and pillars having various sculptures with minute details.	1														
 The walls of the temples had beautifully carved stone sculptures.	1														
The sanctum contains “Black Siva Linga” as well as a “beautiful stone large bull.	1														
 a beautiful view to watch.	1														
 The panoramic view on top of the hill was beautiful.	1														
 Lord Vishnu manifested in his various glorious form which were immortalised by the beautiful craftsmen thousand years ago.	1														
 Gradually the road stretched thru interior cultivation fields on all sides and few interior villages.	1														
" mountains stretching all around,"	1														
" waterfalls that you can see after every few meters on the road,"	1														
"Tree house that I stayed in where there is no electricity,"	0														
 got to witness the spectacular sunset amidst the mountains bidding goodbye for the day.	1														
 It was raining when we reached there; we started climbing the hill to witness the view of the whole town.	1														
 there is a waterfall here called Manikyadhara falls which is a sacred place for devotees who visit Datta Peeta.	1														
 we stopped over a temple and had a very good view of Devigiri Hills for the sunset.	1														
"Trip to Chikmagaluru without a trek is never complete; Kavikal Matta is a view point which is about 8 Kms from the home stay,"	1														
 once you are on the rock all you can see is 360 degrees of mountains all around.	1														
"There was only peace all around,"	1														
always believed in this line “It’s the Journey that matters and not the Destination”; this was so true with this journey; Journey to this waterfall called Jagara Falls was just more than incredible.	1														
" trees all around,"	1														
" holding to the roots of the trees to pass from one corner to other,"	1														
 sliding through the mud and we finally reach the destination to watch the beautiful waterfall.	1														
 Journey to this waterfall was more incredible than seeing the waterfall itself.	1														
 yet again with a beautiful view of mountains and paddy fields.	1														
You are a beauty and the beast.	1														
"Slice from heaven that came through rain,"	1														
" somehow we managed to calm our mind,"	1														
" Also these temples were amazing and really beautiful although in the meantime,"	1														
 The caves and the views from the caves were really beautiful.	1														
 clean and quiet room with a big bathroom with hot water and a balcony (with a view over the fields around Bijapur).	1														
" One can see beautiful islamic architecture all around the city - but the buildings,"	1														
 It is another really beautiful islamic monument.	1														
 Some more chaotic travelling was ahead of us.	0														
 It did not start that glorious and peaceful for us.	0														
 For dinner we ended up in the Mango Tree Restaurant in Hampi Bazaar.	1														
 We started to walk up Hemakuta Hill from where one can get a nice view over Hampi Bazaar.	1														
 the best place to enjoy the beautiful sunsets here.	1														
 It was fun and it was really beautiful and once away from the most famous temples it was a very peaceful atmosphere.	1														
 It was still busy and full of tourists but has a more rural feeling with nice views over rice terrasses and boulders.	1														
 We had a relaxing time and lunch in the Secret River View Guesthouse with fantastatic vies over the river to the Virupaksha Temple.	1														
dinner in the Mango Tree Restaurant.	1														
 Maybe the crowds were to much - but anyway it is very touristy.	1														
 The landscape is beautiful and the ruins are beautiful - we missed the special spirit we heard about so often.	1														
 since we would cross the Western Ghat mountain ranges.	1														
First one hour there was heavy traffic till we reached the first toll gate (Rs 45) to catch the elevated lengthy flyover thru electronic city.	0														
 Traffic was occasionally slow and there were few crossings upto the second toll gate(Rs 25).	0														
 It was a sunny day with beautiful atmosphere.	1														
 However need for mosquito repellent was felt.	0														
A beautiful sunny morning.	1														
 Natural beauty was excellent.	1														
 The whole environment was calm and cool with sounds of birds occasionally.	1														
 There were lot of sandalwood trees as also rare medicinal plants.	1														
 A beautiful place with shops and market as also lodging facilities.	1														
 waterfall had ample water.	1														
 it presents a spectacular view of natural beauty.	1														
 mist-filled valleys made Munnar one of the tourist hotspot.	1														
This breath taking beauty of nature was overwhelming.	1														
 Mountain ranges touched the blue sky.	1														
 Mountains of Munnar stood tall on the other side of the river.	1														
 Thus the scenic beauty was wide open.	1														
 It was a huge lake with exquisite natural beauty and surrounded by hills.	1														
 There was heavy rush of tourists enjoying the beauty of the lake and surrounding areas.	1														
" Enjoying breakfast therein with a magnificent view of the river,"	1														
 adjoining mountains and light morning sunshine was a delightful experience.	1														
Another important feature is that the adjoining paddy fields are below sea level.	1														
" This place is famous for its natural beauty and migratory birds,"	1														
 The reception official informed that our booking was upgraded to lake-view room.	1														
 There were several small-sized canals within the area and canal view rooms (which we originally booked and less costly) were located by the side of the canal.	1														
View from the room balcony was exquisite.	1														
 Everything was calm & quite except the birds.	1														
 The entire stroll was between trees and plants.	1														
calm and quiet.	1														
 It was time for a quiet sleep.	1														
 I opened the glass door and noticed everything was wet due to mist at night.	1														
 There are vast paddy fields at both sides.	1														
 the paddy fields are below the level of backwaters.	1														
 sea beaches is described as the “Venice of the East”.	1														
 beautifully constructed houses all surrounded by water.	1														
 We spent the first day walking nearby and going up the hill for some superb scenic views.	1														
 But you are rewarded with 360 degree views of this magical landscape.	1														
views overlooking the river to Hampi.	1														
On another day we went up Chamundy Hill by local bus for views overlooking the city.	1														
 The drive was scenic with great roads Router: Tumkur- Davangere - Yellapur- Ankola - Gokarna.	1														
Reached Kudle Beach resort by 2pm with a couple of breaks.	1														
 It was a lovely resort with an awesome view of the Kudle beach.	1														
 The beach is a 500m trek away which was fun in its own way.	1														
 The first evening was just beach beach beach.	1														
Bang opposite the resort is a beautiful hillock.	1														
 The ancient temples of Gokarna are a delight to any spiritual person ?? The calmness and aura cannot be explained.	1														
 We get a panoramic view of the Arabian sea from here and the Gokarna beach is just a few meters walk.	1														
A few kilometers away from Kudle beach is Om beach.	1														
" less populated Kudle beach,"	1														
 we were not too impressed with Om beach and returned quickly.	0														
 You must visit the place during sunset to see Shiva in the ocean background with the orange light adding beauty to the already spectacular scene.	1														
 You can reach the Gopuram top via a lift and have a great view as well.	1														
 The beach was of course crowded but the view of Shiva and the Gopuram from the beach was amazing!	1														
Gokarna - Kudle beach is no doubt one of the best beach for people who love to go right in and enjoy the waves but the city's beauty is doubled due to its spiritual feel!	1														
" relatively calm and no hiccups along the way,"	1														
 and honked at everything that was alive.	0														
We sat outside for the rest of the afternoon admiring the views of the palace and people watching whilst planning our next move.	1														
Hampi; described as one of the most bewitching and spell-bounding landscapes with sandy temples and ruins dotted across some of the most spectacular scenery.	1														
" Piles of mountains were made up of circular round boulders,"	1														
" It all looked like the perfect natural and calming environment,"	1														
 very quiet in places and far removed from the cities we had previously visited.	1														
 We certainly wanted calm and tranquil by this point.	1														
 As we followed the beautiful trail that snaked beside the river we came across some completely abandoned sites.	1														
 It was such a beautiful place.	1														
evil spirits that the beautiful baby is not in fact beautiful.	0														
" at the most unusual Mount View Heritage Hotel,"	0														
 what with its stunning rooms and top-notch view over Ooty.	1														
" It was interesting to take in Ooty’s beautiful lake,"	1														
"somehow into the beautiful highland areas out of town,"	1														
 down the even more spectacular Sighur Ghat road.	1														
 there were spectacular jungle wilderness vistas as far as the eye could see.	1														
 I just have to briefly mention two more of the memorable signs glimpsed down the mountain road.	1														
 the highest population density in the whole of India.	1														
" I had booked myself into the lodge’s stunningly sited Tree House,"	1														
" about ten metres up a huge tree away from the main building,"	1														
 unparalleled views over the Indian Jungle.	1														
" though I can’t really explain how – I guess the trees were not so tall,"	1														
" I just spent my first couple of hours there on my Tree House balcony,"	1														
" just staring out at the beauty of the landscape,"	1														
 I was most satisfied with the Tree House.	1														
" I believe it was a monkey that had somehow entered through the gap between a tree trunk and the ceiling,"	0														
 but still prime viewing area for wildlife.	1														
" Spotted some beautiful beasts,"	1														
" but fortunately the only animals we did see were a spectacular group of at least a hundred chital,"	1														
" and on my Tree House balcony with the spectacular view,"	1														
" with huge horns which have very sharp points,"	1														
" antlered chital deer standing very peacefully on the side of the track,"	1														
 Unfortunately my viewing of a tiger in the wild will have to wait for another time.	1														
 from the comfort of my very own spare bedroom in my beautiful little house in Croydon.	1														
 of splendid waterfalls situated in various spots of Western Ghat Region.	1														
 Best time to enjoy the waterfalls is during monsoon.	1														
 It is one of the highest waterfall in India (around 900ft) located around 400 KMs from Bangalore.	1														
 These enthusiastic people enjoyed getting soaked by rain and of course the view of waterfalls.	1														
Last time we went to the foothills (around 900ft) where the waterfall touched the Saravatiriver.	1														
 We thought of visiting the other side of the river to have different view of the falls.	1														
View of the falls was better from that side.	1														
 The contest between “cloud” and the “waterfall” was in full swing.	1														
 Falling trees in various places narrowed down the road passage.	0														
 The backwater of the Arabian Sea gives a magnificent view of the whole place.	1														
 The area has other beautiful statutes and the temple.	1														
 The area is well planned and beautifully maintained.	1														
 There is lift arrangement for reaching the top floor to have abirds eye view of the surrounding area.	1														
 Also viewing the sea at night from the hotel balcony was a memorable experience.	1														
 Sea was calm and cool today.	1														
 This road was quite good to drive with wonderful natural beauties on the way.	1														
a splendid view to watch on the way.	1														
" but we thought of visiting “Om Beach” first,"	1														
 Around four Km away from the beach we had the first glimpse of the sea from the top.	1														
" Sea and the beach were located around 200 ft down below,"	1														
 An excellent panoramic view to enjoy.	1														
" The beach looked like “OM” from the top,"	1														
 a spectacular sight.	1														
 This beach was different with rocky areas in various places.	1														
 The road passed thru absolutely green forests in Western Ghat with occasional view of waterfalls from nearby hills.	1														
 There was not much traffic en-route.	1														
 very tight descent down the mountains with 27 needle pin bends.	1														
 I found it all both beautiful and absurd.	1														
 The land had gotten very green and beautiful though and it was clear I was in for the next stage of my stay in India.	1														
 It has one of the finest beaches of India and many old age churches.	1														
It is always eye soothing to go out of the city; then only we can enjoy the real beauty of nature.	1														
" We can see trees on both sides of the roads many times the top of the trees kissing each other making a complete shade over the busy roads,"	1														
 being having awesome weather throughout the year some trees are always laden with beautiful flowers.	1														
 pollution has shielded the natural beauty.	0														
 The memories of these natural beauty remains in the heart and mind for long and gives us enthusiasm to go back to our work of daily life and makes our wait sweet for the next venture.	1														
" some trees have shredded their leaves,"	0														
 Altogether it was a beautiful view with a wide range of green shades.	1														
 The sunlight was peeping through the gaps of trees mainly without the leaves one.	1														
" Trees retain moisture deep in the soil,"	1														
" We transited through Bangalore last year without seeing anything except one massive traffic jam that lasted two hours,"	0														
" Google maps had suggested it would take six hours from our peaceful haven in Wayanad,"	1														
 the traffic is not as bad as we feared.	1														
 complete with palm trees and other exotic foliage!	1														
" The traffic is pretty crazy,"	0														
 It's quite amazing and will look beautiful I'm sure.	1														
 he sits in the back (where the view is no worse).	0														
" The towns here are markedly more prosperous than in Karnataka which one must ascribe to the richness of the agriculture as this is not the Kerala of beaches where most tourists we head (we are not tourists,"	1														
 with a view to mist covered peaks beyond.	1														
 It is a beautiful and peaceful place to enjoy some downtime.	1														
 interspersed with some bigger trees with dark bark that looks like it will drop off in clumps.	1														
" The teak trees have shed most of their huge leaves,"	0														
" you can feel the peace of the surroundings,"	1														
"solitary langur monkey sitting at the base of a tree and looking contemplative,"	1														
" but we do have a great view of a group of four elephants who drink from the water’s edge,"	1														
" We spot an osprey sitting on a dead tree stump eating a freshly caught fish,"	0														
 a beautiful small bird that is elusive and hard to capture on film.	1														
 And we enjoy the breeze and the peace of the water.	1														
 as this is the day we are leaving there is not a cloud or patch of mist to be seen and we enjoy distant views across the Nilgiris.	1														
 Eventually we set off through the beautiful rolling Tamil Nadu national forest (or something like that).	1														
" A legless beggar sees us waiting in the car and drags himself over on his knuckles to scratch pathetically at the car door,"	0														
 but it is a long way off in a clearing and our view is somewhat obscured by a tree.	0														
 and beautiful meadows.	1														
 However avoid peak ours for lunch as these small restaurants would be crowded too much and you have to wait outside for long time.	0														
 The catchment area had been built into agricultural fields and recreation area for children.	1														
 I calmed myself down and went to the fuel station in Nelamangala.	1														
 Left Hubli at 4pm and reached the broad and beautiful - NH4.	1														
 The oncoming traffic took a lot of time to reach Kolhapur.	0														
" As I reached Satara it became even worse - the mad traffic and the road,"	0														
" No one was following traffic rules,"	0														
 While coming back from MG road a guy in Merc was shouting at me for waiting for traffic light to turn green.	0														
 The amazing road and scenic route took a lot of time for me to reach Goa.	1														
 As expected there was a lot of traffic and the small roads took time for me to reach my uncle’s place.	0														
 In the evening went to Baga and Vagator beach to join the huge crowd for New Year Celebration.	1														
 went to Vasco-da-gama and then went to Calangute beach to meet my friend.	1														
 I had only one traffic signal to deal with.	1														
" We wandered through the popular and crowded temple,"	0														
It was a wrench to leave the peaceful Jungle Retreat in Mudumalai National Park for the four hour minibus ride to Mysore.	1														
" We passed fields of banana trees,"	1														
 cotton trees and coconut trees.	1														
 bustling crowd streaming in with their offerings.	0														
" Crowds like this at first appear overwhelming in India (especially as they are so loud),"	0														
" I was very aware that it was so crowded that I couldn’t see the ground – and when there are cows,"	0														
 have their horns painted and are sometimes decorated with flowers.	1														
 mostly just-harvested rice fields that cattle were now being grazed on.	1														
Keshava Temple is a beautiful example of Hoysala temple architecture from the 13th Century.	1														
 and they were dressed in beautifully colourful festive clothes.	1														
 The other walls depicted detailed epics and stories from Hindu texts which were intricately and beautifully carved.	1														
 and there was also a very lovely ambience to this place.	1														
The traffic on this highway was relatively less compared to others.	1														
 One can see cloud covered hills and valleys creating a very beautiful view.	1														
 We then went to the top of the falls through the stone steps placed next to the falls to get view of the falls.	1														
" We reached there in 45 minutes to enjoy the beautiful sunset,"	1														
 The serene beauty and beautiful sky took our heart away.	1														
 Within 2 hours we reached Bangalore and immediately got a first taste of what this city is about: constant traffic jam!	0														
" a really beautiful part of Bangalore: new shopping malls for the middle class,"	1														
 so the beautiful Venkataraman Temple (a Vishnu Temple) close to the Sultan's Palace was already closed.	1														
 The traffic is unbelievable in this city.	0														
 This is a very special and beautiful Shiva Temple right behind a huge mall.	1														
 But the traffic is so horrible!	0														
 These ones were beautiful but small and both of them really packed with people.	1														
 Finally we had enough of the crowd and took a public bus down the hill and back to downtown Mysore.	0														
" enjoyed the views over Melkote and the surrounding hills,"	1														
 Also this temple was beautiful with only few people around.	1														
 The rest of the night was quiet and bugfree ;-).	1														
" First we came across the beautiful Jamia Masjid,"	1														
 It is a peaceful little garden.	1														
 The temple is really beautiful with a huge statue of Sri Ranganathna.	1														
 It is a nice palace in a beautiful garden.	1														
 it was a great day to end the year 2014 and a nice and quiet start into 2015.	1														
 lots of big boulders and some small beautiful lakes.	1														
 You quickly get an amazing view over town.	1														
 We enjoyed the place and tried to sit in a more or less quiet corner - but that was nearly impossible.	0														
" We had amazing views of the statue on the other hill,"	1														
 It was so peaceful and quiet!	1														
 to crowded and full of people not caring for others.	0														
" They look for peace of mind,"	1														
 which was quite peaceful and nice to visit.	1														
 the other temples were peaceful and quiet.	1														
 It was at a beautiful Catholic Church.	1														
" it was a beautiful morning,"	1														
is nestled in between beautiful rolling hills.	1														
" a nice but not really spectacular waterfall near Madikeri,"	1														
 It was a bit too crowded for our taste.	1														
 It is a beautiful and really well maintained temple.	1														
 It was a beautiful 3 hour hike up a hill with stunnning views.	1														
 the noise and the pollution.	0														
 meant to be really quiet and so named because it's in the shape of the Om symbol.	1														
" probably the best view on the beach 300rs a night,"	1														
The beach in Gorkarna is so nice!	1														
" There's two secluded beaches that are only accessible via the sea,"	1														
" Half Moon beach and Paradise beach,"	1														
"The beach really reminds me of what """"The Beach"""" (the book) would be like."	1														
" surrounded by cotton fields and banana plantations,"	1														
" but they're """"mountains"""" (nothing is a mountain to me anymore) made from rocks,"	1														
"The view from Hanuman's temple is out of the world,"	1														
" Truly one of the best views I've had on the trip,"	1														
 off to Gokarna and the beach for some much needed rest.	1														
 Brigade road is quite beautiful in its architecture.	1														
is looking more beautiful because it is a pleasant morning and also it is Sunday but in evening it is crowded.	1														
 we are concern about the view the something happens.	0														
 The most latest addition in beauty of bunnergutta national park.	1														
 It is quite beautiful it is started in 2005.	1														
A beautiful statue of butterfly is made outside the park and you get surprise when you go inside.	1														
Structure is also beautiful(dome shape).	1														
" but also beautiful walk throughs surrounded by natural vegetation,"	1														
 We sauntered quiet too fast while the rest from my gang was indulged in clicking the wildlife.	1														
 it the prime view point where one can see the whole of Mysore City.	1														
 After getting fully soaked we decided to go for musical night party amidst coconut farm and trees to recharge our batteries.	1														
Well we got togged up and enjoyed a very nice drink in the rather plush Harbour Bar at the lavishly beautiful Taj Mahal Palace Hotel in Mumbai.	1														
 wonderfully colourful as many of the properties were decorated in fairy lights and so very noisy with fireworks being let off all the time.	1														
 The sheer volume of people was a little overwhelming at times - the population of Mumbai is 18.	1														
" Beautiful scenery,"	1														
 fabulous golden sandy beaches and the warm Arabian sea - a real tonic for the soul.	1														
 We chose to stay way down South in Palolem and very pleased we did as it was a lovely quiet resort with a wonderful bay.	1														
 There are also fabulous views up here over the city.	1														
 open-air with main exhibit being the Mysore Maharani's saloon (a wood-panelled beauty dating from 1899).	1														
- St Philomena's Cathedral built between 1933 and 1941 in neo-Gothic style with beautiful stained glass windows.	1														
 we fathomed the real meaning of beauty in the nature.	1														
" and peace will be at your feet"""","	1														
" We didn’t know we had to walk 3km to see the falls (view point),"	1														
 and trek down further 2km from the view point to get wet!	1														
" The narrow and rugged pathway to the view point allow some vehicles (small cars and jeeps) to travel through; there are also paid jeep services to get you to the view point,"	1														
"The view of the falls exceeded our imagination; Kumardhara River gushing through the valley and falling into the 200 feet deep gorge,"	1														
 Beauty has a new meaning= Relief!	1														
" there was also a beautiful garden and many shrines where monks meditate,"	1														
 We werent able to appreciate the beautiful route to the beach town.	1														
The beach was just optimally crowded.	1														
 There were several beaches separated by small hills.	1														
 On the last beach in the row we hired a boat which took us to the beaches not easily accessible.	1														
 We could see big mountains directly merging into the ocean.	1														
 The beaches were surrounded by mountains on three sides and had ocean on the fourth.	1														
Once again we ended up traveling in the dark and missed the beautiful part of the journey.	1														
 The landscape on both sides of the road comprised endless uniform green fields with stony hills and coconut trees as the only aberrations.	1														
Closer to our destination we get into the region of large trees which looked much different from the ones which we are used to seeing.	1														
 The monastery was a beautiful place.	1														
 when I realised how beautiful it was to watch someone embodying my movement and how powerful this is to witness.	1														
 the home town of the lady (I prefer not to use peoples names out of respect) so I can see the farmlands and some beautifully hidden/non tourist regions.	1														
" it was further delayed due to a small traffic incident,"	0														
" The view was spectacular,"	1														
 It was a beautiful sunny day also so this was a wonderful experience especially the stones burning the underside of my feet making me literally want to run up and down the hill.	1														
"animals and Karma sutra positions carved around the outside of a gorgeous temple,"	1														
 horns honking.	0														
" It truly has to be seen for one to even grasp how crazy it is on the road (there is 'no traffic' right now either because it's so early,"	1														
" but some how in all the chaos the people seem to manage,"	0														
" honked at as I need to take the road because the foot path is non existent,"	0														
" by 5am a beautiful singing can be heard,"	1														
" How expressive and beautiful this dance is,"	1														
 how is this chaos possible?	0														
we thought we were back on track but got scared as l read about mountain bears roaming around and also we saw a LOT of HUGE monkeys (rabies alert) up where we wanted to be.	0														
 probably best we were able to sleep so couldnt hear all the horns and feel the swerving of the bus all night making our minds race!	0														
 Ride from our hotel to Hampi was wonderful with an amazing view of paddy fields on one side of the road and sugar cane farms on the other side.	1														
" Crowd was less as it was an off-peak season due to summer temperatures,"	1														
" Then we headed to Tunga Badra Dam to view the sunset,"	1														
 where we hiked a nearby hill to get a better view of the horizon.	1														
 We returned happily with minds full of memories about that beautiful city.	1														
 Just the hour in a traffic jam then.	0														
 Traffic chaos and mayhem beyond description.	0														
" It is a beautiful serene place,"	1														
" But peaceful it is not – instead the air is full of the sounds of thousands of birds cooing,"	0														
 surrounded by aggressive hawkers and beggars clawing at us.	0														
" beautifully decorated inside but in need of some serious renovation,"	1														
" The noise level rose to deafening proportions,"	0														
 assorted beggars and that man who is trying for the second day to sell us a flute on which he plays the first few bars of Titanic.	0														
 A small crowd gathers at the door to stare and giggle at the two overheated Englanders.	0														
" The land is fertile and the trees a mix of deciduous trees and palm trees,"	1														
 as do fields of sugar cane and rice paddies.	1														
 Gone are the fields of wheat and cotton.	0														
" Trees are lacking and in the midday heat (when inevitably we are out and about),"	0														
" The views as we gradually ascended the cliff were impressive,"	1														
provide a water supply but now sadly too polluted to be drunk.	0														
 bustle and apparent chaos can be slightly overwhelming.	0														
 but very evocative and with some beautiful carvings.	1														
" a calm oasis in the countryside that is clean,"	1														
Last view of Varkala beach.	1														
"coastal beach places,"	1														
"I can now walk in any beach restaurant in Kerala,"	1														
 After so many weeks in Beach Huts I am getting desperate for a change of scenery.	0														
"Neriman however is just at the start of her trip so these places hold the same appeal as they did for me when I arrived (remember the “life is a beach” comments,"	1														
 Besides monkeys and dogs there were some beautiful wild vivid green parrots flying around and our guide said this is the only temple where they hang out and for sure they were the only ones we saw during our stay.	1														
" There is a special peacefulness amongst the mingling of cows,"	1														
The elephants had a view out of big doors ways that are now open.	1														
an old Vishnu Tempel which was also very beautiful and overall peaceful.	1														
 But it was really beautiful with some amazing architectural details.	1														
 but all were happy and peaceful and we simply had a great time taking this all in.	1														
" cows with painted horns adorned like an Indian bus,"	0														
"There was a tree blooming with yellow flowers,"	1														
"The road down the mountain towards Mysore was rough and rugged but travelled through National reserves so we were entertained with flocks of pretty spotted deer,"	0														
" The palace was spectacular and is the official residence of the Wodeyars,"	1														
 One the outskirts we drove up a mountain to see the Chamundeshwari temple right on the top.	1														
Down towards Mysore on the other side of the mountain we had a good overview of historical Mysore.	1														
 jam and pawpaw.	0														
 Beautiful tress in the actively renovated garden.	1														
 I particularly noticed the rain tree (Albizia).	1														
spectacular hall for royal weddings.	1														
 Spectacular statues of jaguars guarded the palace.	1														
 is a very beautiful place which I had been waiting to explore since quite sometime now which finally we (me and my husband) managed to plan it in December 2013 from 21st to 25th.	1														
" Hampi is the former capital of Vijaynagar Empire where you can see beautiful Virupaksja temple,"	1														
" Along with the beautiful Hampi ruins,"	1														
 They also had rice fields which added to the beauty.	1														
 You get a beautiful view of the entire Hampi from both the hills.	1														
 we truly enjoyed seeing the view and wish could be on the hills every evening to see the sunset.	1														
" he said it was a rain tree that had been decorated for Christmas and found 2 kids playing cricket and Col had been longing for a game all holiday,"	1														
 It was a beautiful old house with lots of dark rich wood and seemed to be built around what would have been 2 small bathing pools.	1														
" but we were doing battle with Mosquitos which carried on for our entire stay,"	0														
 A couple of times we would have to stop as they had got in a tangle ahead of us and someone had to get out of a vehicle to make others move back to allow the traffic to move.	0														
 Full of people and noise but fairly clean which was good to see.	0														
 It is a regular passenger service but travels through beautiful countryside so is popular with tourists.	1														
" noisy town,"	0														
" we went to Mysore Palace which was pretty spectacular though the Maharajah has just died,"	1														
" the architecture was beautiful and the detailed carving was stunning,"	1														
" We went into the paddy fields where they were cutting it and another where they were collecting it,"	1														
"Bangalore was a traffic jam,"	0														
Forty-five minutes later I was rooting for the auto driver as he dodged traffic to get to the bus stand and then before I took stock of things I was on the bus en route to Gokarna with S.	0														
 named so as the beach seems to spell out Om the way it is written in Sanskrit.	1														
 it is quiet and deserted.	1														
 the bendy soft grasses brushing our legs and at High Point the views stops us.	1														
’ These steep climbs turn into mini waterfalls during the monsoons we are told.	1														
Later an older crowd starts coming out.	0														
 crowds of people sit out on the beach.	0														
 I was restored and I made peace with the world.	1														
 The place was crowded with Indian tourist.	0														
" Our jeep was leading the way through the rocky mountain roads (if they can be called roads),"	0														
 It’s a peaceful place where one will be absorbed into spirituality.	1														
The drive was scenic and quite long among the hills of Coorg.	1														
 We reached an isolated and crowd-starved ‘Irupu falls’ @ 2:30 PM.	0														
 This peak offers very nice panoramic view of the Tungabhadra region.	1														
 This temple houses the most spectacular structure called “The Stone Chariot”.	1														
 If you have enough time you can covers the nearby places which do passes amazing beauty of tranquillity else you can head straight towards main road.	1														
This small temple town draws crowds who come mainly to pay obeisance to the presiding deities of the navagraha temples.	1														
One could also include Thanjavur in the itinerary which is known as the granary of South India due to its extensive paddy growing fields which are a feast for the eyes'As regards accomodation at Kumbakonam one can pick and choose an accomodation suited to one's budget.	1														
 Rivers like Tunga - Bhadra have their sources in the mountains here which are parts of the Western Ghats.	1														
The city is placed within a scenic landscape in a fertile valley; it is surrounded by lush green coffee plantation hills.	1														
 The road to Mullayanagiri is very narrow with views from steep cliffs.	0														
 We often stopped and captured the fairy tale scenic views on the way.	1														
 We could not spent a long time near the waterfall and getting wet and dark.	0														
 The site featuring this beautiful waterfall is a popular climbing spot.	1														
 The 100 ft waterfall can be accessed from 400 steps that are climbed down from the main road to reach the site.	1														
The dam gives an awesome views for photo enthusiasts and peace of mind for nomads .	1														
" dodging traffic as well as a few goats and cows,"	0														
 we finally found ourselves a hotel in which to have lunch and more importantly to get away from the chaos of the streets.	0														
 we decided to head into the epicentre of chaos and to take a look around the Devaraja Market.	0														
 The other thing I remember thinking on the bus was how bright the lights were from the oncoming traffic in the other lane.	0														
 especially in the chaos we were exposed to!	0														
 we got to experience a true Indian traffic jam.	0														
 beautiful palace there we were going to tour.	1														
 I don’t think I have seen a much more beautiful palace in all the world.	1														
 Various beautiful murals in every all.	1														
 provided a lot of insight on the city as we were passing through in the mid-morning traffic jam.	0														
we waiting a beggar with a baby came up to us and kept grabbing at us.	0														
" The traffic was heavy and congested by American standards,"	0														
 It was nice having the guide because then all the beggars left us alone.	0														
 We saw a lot of different vegetation and beautiful flowers.	1														
 a long winding ride through narrow heavily clogged roads with traffic and construction to reach after almost an hour or so.	0														
'Hampi' explores one of the most beautiful and evocative of all historical sites in south India.	1														
"arrived in Bangalore just in time for rush hour traffic which meant we were stuck in hot,"	0														
 loud traffic for about 2 hours longer than we should have been.	0														
" They call it the Venice of India: I would argue that it is even more beautiful than Venice,"	1														
" The rest of our time was spent on the backwaters exploring small villages and taking in the view from the water of the women on shore making string out of coconut husks,"	1														
" Palolem beach is my favorite beach in India,"	1														
" so the beach was not busy,"	1														
" balancing headphone parties and fire dancing/poy on the beach with trying to find internet occasionally to let people know we were alive or finish final papers and assignments,"	0														
"Our second placement weekend was spent in the beautiful city of Mysore,"	1														
" The food situation only got better as we decided to splash out for our Saturday dinner and go to a beautiful hotel for an afternoon and evening of fruit platters,"	1														
 We returned in the evening for the promised light spectacular display of the 42000 bulbs lining the palace.	1														
 The temple itself is a beautiful white building perched on top of a hill with an incredible view of Mysore.	1														
 However the rest of India decided they also wanted to witness its beauty on the same day.	1														
 No-one seemed too alarmed by this though we did see several birds literally drop out of the tree opposite us.	1														
 where I was eaten alive by mosquitos and - for the first (and hopefully last) time during my travels - was attacked by a spider.	0														
" Once I had calmed my breathing,"	0														
My first observation of Indian roads was that drivers use their horns more than any other function on their cars/autos/mopeds.	0														
" it's hard to hear yourself think over the constant honking and bibbing,"	0														
 they are just as oblivious to the honking horns and bustling traffic as the drivers are to the sight of cattle strolling in their paths.	0														
 I also took a lot of pictures and videos of the beautiful place.	1														
 both very beautiful and very attractive.	1														
 Especially in the evening it is very peaceful to sit here in the courtyard in front of the statue and stare at the statue.	1														
 blues etc amid palm tree lined streets.	1														
 with sculpture workshops everywhere and either the gentle noise of stone chiselling or the whirring din of stone cutting machines.	1														
The overnight journey went well and in fact we arrive into Metupalaiyam 30 mins early; great as it means time for a couple of good hot coffees and lots of photos of the Nilgiri Mountain Railway narrow gauge steam train and steam engines before we set off.	1														
 one on each side of the carriage so we get the best photo opps of the views all the way up.	1														
 There are also plenty of birds and butterflies and the vegetation changes from palm trees to tea plantations to eucalyptus trees as we go higher.	1														
 This gets us to decide that 1 night will definitely be enough (a view that is confirmed later when we wander into town for some lunch) as it seems a very non-descript place despite the colourful houses.	0														
) And finally the King’s private audience room – again the ceiling is a beautifully coloured stained glass marvel of craftsmanship.	1														
" It’s not quite worth the journey in our view – but Indians love gardens,"	0														
 the next beautiful attraction of the temple is the garden.	1														
 The garden has beautiful grass lawn and excellent collection of various plants.	1														
 The environment is very cool and peaceful and you will definitely enjoy to sit for some time inside the temples.	1														
Although the temple is recently built it has the peace and piousness of old temples.	1														
 attractive and surrounded by beautiful lawns and trees.	1														
 you can find several idols of Mother Mary near the church with beautiful decorations.	1														
" Although the crowd is there for the whole day,"	0														
 The security forces create cordons around the church and don’t allow the crowd to go inside.	0														
"A chariot is decorated with beautiful flowers,"	1														
The Chariot is beautifully decorated.	1														
 Especially the lights are arranged in a beautiful way.	1														
" As the Shivaji nagar area is more populated by the Muslims,"	0														
 Besides on the day of Mary’s feast the traffic police will not allow any vehicle to enter from a km.	0														
 you can take beautiful pictures of mother Mary and other views around.	1														
 We saw a beautiful Vimana (below) which is used to carry the idol during festivals.	1														
The temple has a traditional look with beautiful sculpture.	1														
 Painting with beautiful colors has made it even more attractive.	1														
 you will get some beautiful temples within a kilometer radius.	1														
There are two Beautiful Nakoda Jain temples on both sides of the highway.	1														
 They are beautiful and worth visiting.	1														
" You can take the old noisy bus or take a walk to mekedatu depending on your physical strength,"	0														
The place is unbelievably beautiful and much more than my expectation.	1														
 The waterfall is nestled among the amazing ranges of rocks.	1														
 You can park your vehicle in the open field there and walk inside the rocky area.	1														
While coming from Ramagaram to Kanakapura you will find a beautiful arch on the left side of the road (right side while coming from Kanakpura to Ramanagaram).	1														
Veerabhadra swamy temple is built with beautiful architecture.	1														
The beauty of the temple is that it is built on huge granite stones.	1														
 The outside views from this hill are very attractive.	1														
" The palace was very beautiful with brightly painted ceilings and columns,"	1														
 Apparently it's perfectly fine to speed around blind curves while going up a mountain past other buses that are coming down.	1														
" Since it was a hazy day and the view wasn't wonderful,"	0														
" One can view ruins of impressive buildings and temples,"	0														
" we were surrounded by school children on field trips who were fascinated by us,"	0														
 beautiful smile.	1														
 the wideness of the main streets made the traffic less daunting.	1														
 I am glad to have found myself in the middle of such a vibrant and bustling and beautiful mess.	1														
 apparently beautiful at night.	1														
 More beautiful things to see.	1														
 traffic increased.	0														
 we saw another crowd of people.	0														
 I am grateful that every accident we saw was met with by a crowd of good Samaritans.	0														
 and we ended up sitting in one of the last cars alongside a group of beggar children and an elderly man who appeared to be with them.	0														
 that the holy beach is not really a good place to hang out or swim because it is littered with trash and cow pies.	0														
 since the other beaches in the town are very clean and beautiful.	1														
 I have to remind myself that this culture I have chosen to immerse myself in is beautiful in as many ways as it differs from my own.	1														
 or even on the beaches if they like.	1														
 we spent one full day exploring nearby Kudlee Beach and Om Beach.	1														
 We followed the trail from the town and reached the first beach in about half an hour.	1														
 We then walked along the water until we reached the trail that led to Om Beach (which is actually shaped like an Om symbol).	1														
 It was nice to find this beach to be far less crowded and touristy than Arambol.	1														
 Side note: never in my life have I been in a holy city and seen so many grown men walking the streets and beach in their underwear.	0														
" We found some amazing views of the surrounding landscape,"	1														
" people from small villages viewed me as a novelty and wanted their picture made with me because I’m white…funny,"	1														
I have mentioned the traffic and driving skills a few times in the blog already and Emily has also added a whole post dedicated to the transport here.	0														
 beautiful silks and a nice lifestyle.	1														
 people take credit to furnish their homes with beautiful furniture and go on nice holidays.	1														
 The incessant rhythmic honking of car horns.	0														
 Mosque wake up calls (there may only be a 10% Muslim population here but that's still 100 million).	0														
" noise and smells are brutally left field from Woolworths,"	0														
 as if a force field exists to keep large hotel chains and anything else remotely upmarket at arms length from this world heritage area.	1														
 the most beautiful rice paddies amongst elephant size boulders.	1														
" The orchids were gorgeous and they gave us each a stem to take,"	1														
 The rubber trees were quite young and not ready to harvest for another 3 years.	1														
orchids in mist spray.	1														
 This practice is not recommended by the Government as it can cause damage to vehicles and pollute the crops with diesel.	0														
" This also gives us a chance to enjoy this beautiful resort,"	1														
 a secluded hideaway favoured by artists and creative types looking for some tranquillity in noisy and busy India.	0														
" We were also able to share a nice meal with Abhi and his beautiful wife Neeta,"	1														
 Staying in this beautiful resort almost makes you forget that you are in India.	1														
 Then you go to a meeting in a rotary hall with a power cut and you have to present to a noisy audience by candlelight.	0														
" with beautiful carved stone pieces,"	1														
After Shimogga we returned to Mangalore through beautiful countryside.	1														
"Our trip to Karkala also took us to a beautiful waterfall for a picnic,"	1														
" Ananthakrishna and his wife Raja had a beautiful home,"	1														
" When viewed in full costume and make-up and seeing them run towards you bearing swords,"	1														
" It was very peaceful and relaxing sitting in the sunshine at the base of the falls,"	1														
 We almost had to be dragged away from the scenic beauty of the falls and the national park.	1														
 the noise and the litter.	0														
" We don’t notice the noise or the litter anymore,"	0														
 the traffic feels calmer and we can’t wait to eat the Mangalore food and see some of our old friends!	1														
 It’s all worth it for the views though!	1														
 it was great to see such beautiful animals up close and personal.	1														
 We also get a chance to visit Shivappanayaka Palace where there are some beautiful wood carvings.	1														
 we have been staying in the beautiful coffee region of Belur.	1														
" how they grow in the shade of tall trees such as silver oak and teak,"	1														
 I took in fantastic views of the city and the gommateshvara statue.	1														
 I felt it was a place where I could spend some quiet time reflecting on what we have experienced so far on our journey.	1														
 Programmes that focus on population stabilisation also continue to be implemented.	1														
" Belur temple is very beautiful and inside,"	1														
 The house is packed full of beautiful pieces of antique furniture and books about foreign destinations they have visited.	1														
"We need to get up early to enjoy the views at the top of Shravanbelagola,"	1														
 This area seems to have a bigger Muslim population as we see men in traditional dress on the streets.	1														
" we come to Mysore and discover traffic lights,"	0														
 traffic police and CCTV cameras checking on road use.	1														
" So you see traffic waiting at junctions to allow others to cross,"	0														kachra
"Mysore is a beautiful city,"	1														
 The current palace is full of beautiful carved doors and ceilings and interesting murals of events in the lives of the royal family.	1														
 It seems quiet on our visit and we are told this is the effect of the recession in the west.	1														
 The palace itself is beautiful and well maintained.	1														
" I don’t mind at all as they spend more than an hour wrapping me in some beautiful silk,"	1														
" Unfortunately the beautiful butterflies never get to hatch and the worms are killed before the cocoons are dried,"	1														
 The process of creating beautiful saris from the spit of silk worms is fascinating; especially the gold threads which make them appear extra special.	1														
" Even the poorest people here are dressed beautifully and when we ask about second hand shops,"	1														
 and then a church and reservoir with a beautiful temple and hotel for lunch just for good measure!	1														
 The view is beautiful.	1														
 I then went to a party on the family who runs peace child farm which is on the out skirts of Bangalore.	1														
"No matter how many times I come to an Indian beach I douth i'll get use to cows on the beach,"	0														
" crowds and a lot of men,"	0														
" Sat on the luggage rack above 6people on a beach for 3 Tamzin and I listened to our ipods and some became the subject of everyones conversation,"	0														
" Mandala Beach Huts,"	1														
" I have seen some beautiful Sari’s,"	1														
" If you could see the traffic and the public bus services,"	0														
" We have also heard about work in the field of health and helping youngsters with solar lamps for when there are power cuts,"	1														
 It is hard to describe how unconscious they are of anything like traffic lanes.	0														
" The temples are beautiful and even though they are a tourist attraction,"	1														
 they are quite peaceful and me and Di spend some time sitting cross legged on the floor taking it all in.	1														
 It’s no different here and this beautiful river has its banks spoilt by litter.	1														
 They tents used as the accommodation are beautiful inside and this looks like a great place to come for a relaxing weekend away.	1														
 I managed to join Punit’s mum and dad for breakfast and they gave me a beautiful gift to send me on my way.	1														
 They live in a beautiful home at the end of a quiet track which sits just beside the river (which apparently has crocs so I’m staying away!	1														
"As we all got up early to go to the beach and paddle,"	0														
 We looked at the beach huts and watched the jet ski's.	1														
 as well as having a beautiful guest house.	1														
 I have never seen so much beautiful wood in one home!	1														
 the only police I have seen are traffic coordinators.	0														
 a beautiful bracelet and some local cashew nuts.	1														
 It really is a beautiful city.	1														
 (Mitra and Mr Shetty made a lot of noise during the game!	0														
 Instead we landed at a Rotary Club meeting about 15km from Udupi in Brahmavar where we received yet more beautiful flowers and were asked to talk about ourselves.	1														
 Very peaceful and serene.	1														
 We then head to Udupi beach where families have gathered to watch the sunset.	1														
 Most beaches are either crowded with tourists or deserted.	0														
 She has been an excellent host and I have loved sharing her beautiful home.	1														
 a beautiful hill overlooking the city of Udupi.	1														
" beautiful headdress,"	1														
I am happy and glad to have “caught” on them in time to enable me to add in to my album of Beautiful India.	1														
 Everything is very loud and the main noise is car horns tooting and the whistles of road police and parking attendants.	0														
 Mithra’s house is beautiful and sits back from a main road through secure gates.	1														
 That moment was by far the calmest most peaceful moment of my life.	1														
" it was such a beautiful moment,"	1														
and it is just a bonus I get to do that while looking at some of the most beautiful buildings/sites in the world.	1														
" After such a peaceful morning,"	1														
 I think the guy had his horn and gas peddle pressed all the way down for 1 hour of the 1.	0														
" The beaches are beautiful,"	1														
 and only the occasional honking of horns.	0														
" food and it is so built up that it was such a beautiful feeling just sitting on the sand with nothing,"	1														
 It has a mix of natural beauty and ancient beautiful temples.	1														
 Air conditioned balcony rooms with fantastics views are a welcome sights after a 9 hour overnight flight!	1														
 except for the beautiful Indian jewellery in the duty free!	1														
"The view from my room on the top floor is fantastic,"	1														
" bewildered and praying not to be ripped off i threw on my pack and walked into the crowd of taxi men,"	0														
 with a rich eco diversity and ever green trees like teak sandalwood.	1														
 sometimes near agriculture fields or under some teak tree forest.	1														
 The noises in that deadly silent area gave us a unique feeling.	0														
 Views are awesome with many a layers of hill after hill forming waves of ridges somewhere in the distance.	1														
 It gets steep and tiring but the views and the surroundings makes the walk a pleasure.	1														
 you are up in the spongy clouds with the majestic beauty of tremendous landscape around!	1														
 Its windy peak offers unhindered views of impressive mountain ranges and valleys of Coorg and beyond.	1														
" eventually disappearing into the mist somewhere faraway,"	1														
"Beholding the tremendous natural beauty of the scapes by all my senses,"	1														
 hurling the crowd aside and crashing blindly through the maze of pillars.	0														
 noisy diesel engine hauling rickety wooden carriages with barred opening windows.	0														
" tree-lined thoroughfares;roundabouts and squares with impressive monuments and arches; friendly,"	1														
" a narrow perfumed maze selling mountains of flower heads (for garlands),"	1														
 always declining his offers of cheap prices to the sights (it’s actually a good hearty walk to Chamundi hill for its panoramic views over the city).	1														
are transported back to that fleeting period when India’s beaches hit their tourist zenith: dispersed and discrete enclaves of beach huts that are almost invisible from the lustrous bays and yet serve all possible – backpacker - needs.	1														
" you can advance further along the wooded coastline to the very rustic Half Moon beach (15 mins) or yet further to Paradise (another 20 mins) where it is still primarily camping and self-reliance; but really,"	1														
 There is (surely) no finer beach scene in India.	1														
" This region of Karnataka is very agricultural and we passed golden fields of thirsty sunflowers with heavy bowed heads,"	1														
" green fields of squat chenna (not sure if these are soya beans or chickpeas or something more exotic) and great expanses of sugar cane,"	1														
 Indeed South East Asia is still backpacker heaven pricewise (just don’t rely on Lonely-sell-out-Planet for any bargains) - even with 16 flight tickets and 16 visas we are still averaging a fraction under $40/day ($39.	1														
 something beautiful happens.	1														
"so beautiful) and having them write a story inspired by the archeypal events the music follows,"	1														
 with what looks like a beautiful pool.	1														
" we were welcomed by a beautiful view,"	1														
" It turns out that there is a path laid out to a small man-made pond and a single tree among the rocks,"	1														
" The view from was amazing,"	1														
 but remember how I said that honking was the only mode of vehicle communication in India?	0														
 you'd just start to nod off and the bus horn would stab you through one ear and out the other.	0														
 and were almost immmediately greeted by a crowd of locals and a sprinkling of foreign visitors like us.	1														
Bangalore has a slight traffic problem.	0														
" The traffic is the worst I've experienced in India,"	0														
 and the inevitable result of the chaos makes for some prodigious traffic jams.	0														
" Bangalore is a cacophony of noise and traffic,"	0														
 At the end of the day my auto driver was driving me back to the guesthouse when we got stuck in a traffic jam .	0														
"walk along the beach in the afternoon,"	1														
 And there is a lot of fucking horn honking.	0														
 It is actually rather beautiful and breathtaking.	1														
 I was told they don't want the secret beauty of the palace advertised.	1														
"We stop by Bangalore on our way to Hampi (only briefly - it is not a nice place - it's a big dusty noisy and unappealing city,"	0														
 Hampi is very green surrounded with the rice fields on one side and desertic landscape and Ruins on the other.	0														
 we visited the Hanuman temple monkey on the top of the mountain accessible by a 570 steps climb.	1														
On my first day in Bangalore I visited this beautiful statue of Lord Shiva.	1														
people who wrote and post about this beautiful place.	1														
 with coconut palm trees everywhere.	1														
""""" or """"and here you see Ganesh lifting an entire mountain over his head,"	1														
" and you can see the hunter on the mountain and the farmer,"	1														
 They didn't badger at all like some beggars or vendors may do.	1														
" In the northwest corner of the temple there was a sort of elevated patio that was crowded with men and women,"	0														
 because that placed is jammed with tourists.	0														
 and there was some beautiful stained glass from Glasgow.	1														
 I didn't get my precious beauty sleep because of the hotel call and I was not really able to get back to sleep after that.	0														
 for they guys' peace of mind.	1														
 because it was peak traffic hours and a bus would a) take FOREVER and b) be ridiculously crowded.	0														
 and a couple hours of chaos but we finally got to wear our saris!	0														
 the office opened five minutes early and the crowd of foreigners waiting with me piled into the FRRO in an orderly fashion.	1														
 but things are barely held together by metaphysical tape and the chaos only shows through now and then.	0														
 Anyone who has traveled to India knows: the traffic there operates on completely different rules than it does in the states.	0														
" use your horn often to let people know where you are,"	0														
 voicing frustrated complaints in tones of voices that would probably have someone intervening in America with calming comments.	0														
 It was very crowded and we could not enjoy the garden since it was already dark.	0														
 Finally I stopped the car in a crowded area and asked what he wants.	0														
" The zoo was pretty crowded but since it is a huge area,"	0														
 the crowd did not make it uncomfortable.	0														
" We were expecting a huge factory where they cut big trees and make various things from Sandalwood,"	0														
 and the car horn is a well developed but little understood language by foreigners.	0														
 You can see a distant view of a Dam built for irrigation purposes.	1														
 She owns a pretty big plot there and has planted a lot of trees and vegetables.	1														
 people are there to have some quite and relaxing time with the nature and nurture the trees and plants.	1														
 away from the crowd and pollution of cities like Bangalore?	0														
During lunch time I noticed a crowd was moving near lunch area.	0														
 When I went near the crowd I saw the crowd was around Brahmarshi Patriji.	0														
 sometimes interpreting English speeches into Telugu and sometimes stimulating the crowd with humorous comments.	1														
Meditating on the flute music was a beautiful experience.	1														
 When I saw a big crowd near toilets I decided to have breakfast first fearing that the food might finish if I make late.	0														
 I discovered a beautiful Shani temple.	1														
There is a beautiful statue of lord Shiva in Tapasthali.	1														
 The views of the hills and the valley were beautiful.	1														
 Patriji also mesmerized the audience with his beautiful songs and speeches.	1														
 I was quite impressed to see such a big crowd coming from different parts of the country.	1														
The road to Sangam is always fascinating with large number of mayflower trees on both sides of the way – as if ready to greet all the visitors.	1														
 I was really enjoying the scenic ‘pleasures’ and was thinking about my next journey from Gonnikopal to Kutta which was around 36 kms.	1														
 I spent some time noticing the local crowd and their styles.	1														
" After spending a few ‘gazing moments’ at the ‘Coorgi beauties’ (as people may not know,"	1														
The drive from Gonnikoppal to Kutta was perhaps one of the ‘most scenic’ bus journeys I’ve ever had.	1														
" The entire journey seemed to be the same through ‘estates’ and finally around 3:30pm the ‘Green Beauty’ (Eventually,"	1														
" Though Irpu was a small waterfall compared to the ‘mightiest’ I have seen in India,"	1														
" What a beautiful place it was and if you were there with your ‘sweetheart’,"	1														
 As I could see some Jackfruit trees around ‘showcasing’ some mighty ones hang.	1														
 When we came back the next day we discovered it's multiple beautiful rooftop terraces and - our favourite element - an indoor swing!	1														
" if slightly chaotic appearing,"	0														
 I'm so impressed that Sagar can drive here - I think that's why he's such a calm guy in Toronto.	0														
 we took a walk around the beautiful grounds.	1														
" There were so many beautiful lush bushes,"	1														
" There was a big waterfall that you could sit under,"	1														
 will traffic be OK.	0														
 but that was enough) with some little hooligans over by a GIANT tree that we wanted to take a picture in.	1														
 no one is able to go very fast in the bad traffic so I feel like if we got hit we wouldn’t get TOO hurt (my mom just had a heart attack when reading that).	0														
 but the crowd was waning and still nothing had happened.	0														
 but it was a fun atmosphere and the view was great.	1														
You will see nice hills view when you are on the hills 5 kms before Muthathi.	1														
 The trees and environment will look like any hill station.	1														
 We could see the beautiful black granite stones on the river bed and walk over them.	1														
"The cows and bull s in Muthathi are very beautiful having extremely long horns (more than 2 feet),"	1														
While in Muthathi we saw a crowd carrying some god on their shoulders for visharjan (dipping in water).	1														
 The god was sitting on a tiger and the crowd was screaming as “Govinda.	1														
The river Kavery in front of the temple is extremely beautiful (picture below).	1														
- Hills view 2 kms after Bheemeshwari towards halagur.	1														
 The road climbs steep on the hills with hairpin bends and gives a beautiful view of the valley (picture below).	1														
Muthathi like many other Kavery water spots look very calm and quiet.	1														
 At least traffic is way reduced at night time.	1														
 you are still not experiencing the level of chaos that was experienced that afternoon.	0														
" Sagar's family had purchased all of us beautiful Indian clothing for the wedding,"	1														
" because it had long sleeves and here arms were COVERED in terrible mosquito bites from Dehli,"	0														
 There was a traditional band playing in the corner and Sagar and Deepa were on a beautiful stage with flowers all around.	1														
 Everyone was dressed beautifully in outfits shimmering with every colour of the rainbow.	1														
 one of the largest Tibetan settlement in India and the beautiful monasteries around.	1														
In next 10 minutes I was enjoying the beautiful and clean city streets of Mysore.	1														
 The road between Hunsuru to Kushalnagar took almost an hour and half and was so scenic that I was enjoying every bit of it.	1														
" I found a bit of a crowd here as being a public holiday,"	0														
 A typical South Indian crowd who really got messed up this place with any other Hindu Temple and was trying a make a fuss here.	0														
I love visiting monasteries mostly for the peaceful environment and tidiness which really a 'big miss' in any other Hindu Temple.	1														
peace and harmony' which I may have longed for years.	1														
" The idea was to start our North Karnataka tour from Karwar with plans to enjoy about 2-3 hours of para-gliding and other beach activities at Deobagh Resort,"	1														
 what is bad for ecology and pollution and noise creation and vehicle maintenance?	0														
 you could hardly see deep inside or get the apparently excellent view of mountain valley side.	1														
"Angini mountain top,"	1														
 Even the dining area offers a separate floor sitting area under the trees and lined with cushions where you can have old Indian style floor sitting lunch / dinner.	1														
 climb up this mountain is must as top offers a fantastic view of entire Hampi.	1														
 you are taken inside by battery operated vehicle (to avoid pollution damage to sites) run by ladies only (all employed under Rural Employment generation Scheme of governement).	1														
Badami was first when independent structures were yet to come and temples were carved out in mountains (5th Century AD).	1														
 huge statues carved in the mountain side.	1														
 will clearly hear it though the distance in between is as big as a football field and is totally empty.	1														
" Unfortunately the crowd instead of whispering ,"	0														
 The highway is totally congested with truck traffic and takes good enough more than 3 hours against our expectation of 2 hours.	0														
 We got there about an hour before sunrise and we sat on Om beach watching it go up before finding a place to stay.	1														
" but had to split the journey into 2 days due to significant traffic in Bangalore (yes,"	0														
 Besides that I have been taking in the fantastic landscape that encases the ruined city; huge boldor-filled vistas over a beautiful river.	1														
" Got up at 5 this morning and did a hike out and up this (quite small) mountain to a temple at the top,"	1														
 The morning part of the drive was filled with beautiful scenery surrounding a relatively flat road.	1														
" While the afternoon drive retained the beautiful scenery,"	1														
" it also contained singificant mountain passes which while not be signifcant for a 4-wheeler,"	1														
 a breathtaking view of the Malnad hills was visible from the room itself.	1														
later we thanked him numerously for driving us to one of the most beautiful but still less explored waterfalls which was not planned earlier.	1														
 I really don't have words to describe the beauty of this place.	1														
 As we had your 'soul' filled with the beauty of Hebbe that we could have continued for the rest of the day.	1														
 But the beauty of Hebbe took us to 'sweeping feet' that we reamined much of 'silent pranks'.	1														
reached Bababudangiri and drove further to Manikyadhara view point.	1														
 the breathtaking view of the Chikmagalur Valley from Manikyadhara view point was 'woth' a visit to this place.	1														
I was hearing a noise of a wild stream and was trying to judge the source of that noise.	1														
Hesitantly we started following that noise and after climbing further down about a mile the surprise was unfold.	1														
 we had plans to experience one of the most scenic sunset amongst the Malnad Hills.	1														
drove all the way from Pune to this place to enjoy the beauty of Malnad hills.	1														
 The pond is full of beautiful lotus.	1														
 From near the temple you can have a good view of the hills and places around.	1														
 You can have a nice view of the hills from this place.	1														
 You can see beautiful rocks and nature around.	1														
" tree of life,"	1														
 While going down to the water we came across a beautiful spot.	1														
There is one beautiful temple in front of the Hanuman statue – known as “Sita Rama Bhakta Hanumanta Temple” (picture below).	1														
 more traffic and more cows.	0														
 which offers a relatively peaceful oasis in the middle of the crazy and crowded old city.	1														
 It manages to balance perfect simplicity with the most elaborate detail and is far more beautiful than I had imagined.	1														
 it was a beautiful place to spend the afternoon.	1														
" Climbing the 'Heaven Piercing Minaret',"	1														
 gave us a spectacular view over the city.	1														
We arrived in Delhi on the 25th of Feb after a pretty scenic flight from Kathmandu.	1														
 The most beautiful building I have ever seen and so much bigger than you expect it to be.	1														
 chaotic and unbelievably polluted.	0														
The last stop on our whirlwind tour of Rajasthan was Jaisalmer (getting there involved an incredibly hot crowded 6 hour bus journey with no toilet or food stops.	0														
 We head off to Hampi tonight before making our way down to the beaches of Kerala.	1														
Mysore is a beautiful clean city—lots of gardens.	1														
" God of trees or rain,"	1														
"The train from Goa to Hampi was so full of foreigners that the beggars who routinely come by must have thought they'd hit the jackpot – on second thought,"	0														
" I generally ignore beggars or try to politely and sympathetically tell them no,"	0														
much to worry about there – the only thing that was slightly dismaying about the bike was the horn; it sounded like a pathetic whisper which is NOT what you want your horn to sound like in India on these roads.	0														
 You want a horn that goes “HEY MOVE OUTTA THE WAY I'M COMING YOU BETTER MOVE YOUR ASS OR ELSE I'LL RUN IT OVER!	0														
" Our horn was like a little goat bleating “um,"	0														
 I met the people that made the experience what it was and was shattered when I had to leave Delhi and the kids I was working with and the little peaceful enclaves I found there.	1														
" you are one of the most stellar spirits I have ever met – thank you for your beautifully kind words as I was leaving,"	1														
 The building is supposed to have superb acoustics so we are going there early in the morning to avoid the crowds to check this out.	0														
Yes the Gol Gumbaz does have excellent acoustics I could hear the Russian tourists making silly noises from every direction at once.	1														
"A world heritage site and only a small crowd of visitors how refreshing,"	1														
 The down also has the lovely Agastyatirtha tank with the gorgeous Bhutanatha Temple jutting out from its shore but the real attraction here are the caves.	1														
temples and would have enjoyed these more if not for the large crowds swarming all over the place.	0														
Saturday dawned hot and cloudless (when is it anything else) so we headed out to the Royal Enclosure visiting major sites such as the Queens Bath and Zenana Enclosure and the beautiful Lotus Mahal.	1														
 We ate a couple of ice creams to try and combat the heat before followed the beautiful Tungabadhra River back towards Hampi Bizarre.	0														
There is something very strange about beach destinations.	1														
 hiking up and enjoying the view from the top.	1														
right next to the beach for 2000 rupees/night.	0														
 We walked the kilometre from the beach to the bus stop and took the local bus to Udupi (Rupees 30 one way).	0														
 We explored the place and took a short dip in the water as it was crowded in the weekend.	0														
 The view of the island and coast from the topmost part of the island was enchanting.	1														
" all the traffic takes place on the water,"	0														
" hiring houseboats (beautiful and luxurious boats,"	1														
 I have never seen mosquitoes this size.	0														
" and the pile of dead mosquitoes around our seats was getting bigger and bigger,"	0														
 so quiet and so far away from any life.	0														
Following Diego's recommendation we took a tuk tuk to the Om beach (it got its name following the fact that the beach is in shape of the Indian sign for “om”).	1														kachra
" walking over Cudly beach and walking over yet another hill – about an hour's walk),"	1														
" as Om beach is full of “free spirits” and new age hippies,"	1														
 it wasn't weird to see people doing yoga on the beach early in the morning.	1														
 he built a summer palace in beautifully carved timber (Daria Daulat Bagh) only two kilometres from the Gumbaz (tomb) where his body is interred.	1														
 the views were great from the top.	1														
" it was more intricately carved and the interior had bats and beautiful sculptures,"	1														
 they offered us a choice of rooms and we were upgraded to a club room with a view of the arabian sea.	1														
 entry to the resort also came with snacks and we spent some time at the coffee shop overlooking the beach and viewed some of the rooms and then got into the water.	1														
 we then left for someswara beach which was a rocky beach.	1														
 we saw this beautiful sunset and returned to the hotel after a detour to see the docks.	1														
" We definitely underestimated the curiosity and excitement of the Indian population when seeing us drive around in a rickshaw,"	0														
 Outside the airport it is (like everywhere) extremely loud due to the much traffic that wants to go to or away from the airport.	0														
""""" One riksha man was offering us to bring us to the beach for 10 Rupees."	0														
 crazy traffic and left traffic.	0														
 You dont disturb the animal with your noisy vehicle and can see more animals.	0														
 It took around 1 hour to dodge the traffic and get out of the city.	0														
 but got very disappointed by the crowd and the clouds.	0														
"I am taking you to a very scenic and dense canal,"	1														
 At some places the mangrove trees covered and created a thick shed above that you barely could see the sunlight.	1														
 The first few blocks by the seafront contain some nice looking French colonial style buildings and the streets in this section are noticeably less chaotic and chocked with traffic than the blocks that follow behind (which are just like any Indian town i.	1														
" it was still a beach and we were pleased to be by the coast again,"	1														
 especially as we had anticipated the beach in Mamallapuram would be an open human toilet rather than something usable.	1														
" I’m not a massive fan of complaining in restaurants and typically take the British view that it’s best to smile and pretend everything was great,"	0														
" I'm in a gorgeous little town,"	0														
 Had to be carfull not to leave anything unattended or the next thing you know theres a monkey up a tree wearing your Y fronts on his head.	1														
" It’s actually quite nice that you come to view things like a tuna sandwich (and a hot water shower) as a luxury,"	1														
 The experience was somewhat reminiscent to the initial culture (and noise) shock I received when arriving in Delhi.	0														
 chaotic and did I mention really bloody noisy?	0														
 it felt like an Oasis of calm in a town/country of craziness.	1														
" it did however have pretty decent views over the city,"	1														
 rickshaws and cheap tat traders who were making an unholy amount of noise on the outskirts of the complex.	0														
 first he tried to jam a huge bloody bag into the luggage rack which crushed everyone else’s belongings and then he immediately laid his seat back.	0														
"Madurai is a surprisingly peaceful and a very clean city (compared to those in the North),"	1														
 the food was quite good but the mosquitoes where menacing.	0														
" The traffic here is light,"	1														
30pm the last hour in the mountains was extremely picturesque and I saw a different species of Langur monkey which was a bit of a surprise.	1														
"30pm we headed for the park where we were loaded on a noisy old bus and driven around for about thirty minutes and saw nothing,"	0														
 so we were finally out and met a huge and persistent crowd of tuk tuk drivers.	0														
"After experiencing the phenomenal views of the city from the fort,"	1														
 its not just the temples you will find the finest beaches here in Rameshwaram.	1														
1 day you can easily spend on the beach and 1 day visit temple.	1														
 The train was late and traffic was bad because of Republic Day (Independence Day).	0														
 Ignoring the dangers required complete faith in the driver plus a studied concentration on the beauty of the vistas.	1														
 The views were stunning – folds of the earth clothed in greenery and swathed in what could have been translucent mist – but which was smoky pollution all the way to the top.	1														
 The most thrilling view near the top was an almost vertical hillside draped with Flamboyants in bloom!	1														
") Once we started it was quite exciting – the views alternated cut-banks and deep,"	1														
 wide mountain vistas.	1														
 We did walked around the temple and noticed many beautifully painted sculptures.	1														
Chennai itself was a crowded city with horns blazing its way through just like any other cities in India.	0														
 We got a room that gave us a view of the bonfire that the hotel arranged for all the guests.	1														
 There was sign at the entrance to the park telling drivers not to blow thier horns so as not to scare the animals.	1														
 Horn blowing while driving is like some form of tourettes here and no amount of signs is going to change that.	0														
 tea plantations and mist cloaked forest.	1														
" the chorus diminished as the deep orange sun rose directly in my view east,"	1														
" we viewed carvings of the gods in what was called a cave,"	1														
" Also in this complex of temples were beautiful carvings of a relaxed lion,"	1														
" the crowds grew,"	0														
"Gradually the view became more rural,"	1														
" letting the peace settle into me,"	1														
" We were allowed to view the special St Thomas cross,"	1														
 we walked around the pure white neo-Gothic church shining beautiful in the sun.	1														
" We rushed through the traffic of cars,"	0														
 The beach wasn’t as crowded as I expected.	1														
" The pattern of weather was obviously from the northwest as most of the snow was on that side of the mountains in a scene of white and greeny-gray,"	1														
 punctuated by the many horns of the many cars meeting the many passengers.	0														
" we walked through the chaos understood only by the Indians to our full-size bus,"	0														
 which drove into the fairly quiet streets of Chennai.	1														
 It's pretty un-India in that there is less traffic and noise than usual and there are lots of old churches and Dutch and Portugese buildings instead of temples.	1														
"Most beautiful sunrise,"	1														
 she is still dreaming big about starting up a little farm and community for women where they can escape and live in peace away from abusive marriages.	1														
" a reeeeeeeeeeally touristy beach resort that,"	1														
" a huge and gorgeous temple to the goddess Meenakshi and the god Shiva,"	1														
" mountains in the distance,"	1														
The unbelievably intricate and gorgeous statues on the entranceway to the Madurai temple.	1														
 so Vishnu got all dressed up like a beautiful woman and went to seduce Shiva.	1														
"So the trains are crowded but no less fun and intense,"	0														
 After the night at the beach in Goa I decided to make 100km again.	1														
 And the more I was coming to the South the more noise was on the street.	0														
 I was surprised to have no problems with mosquitos there but now I have to hurry up every evening to build up my tent to flee away from them.	0														
 But in general it is very crowded along the coast in Kerala.	0														
 My RoughGuide says it is the most denelky populated region in hole India.	0														
 And then the horrible noise of the crazy honking of everybody.	0														
 but the noise I cant get used to it.	0														
 The mosquitos annoyed me muchso I couldnt sleep.	0														
 I dont know if I had such steep mountains so far.	1														
 the animals are running away by such a noisy boat going along the lake.	0														
" not so crowded and you easily find sleeping places ?? In restaurants the food is served on palm leaves,"	1														
 seemed to be a famous beach by the locals.	1														
 and the best part is the wrap-around glass windows with incredible views overlooking the entire neighborhood.	1														
 as the views should be fabulous as night falls and the lights come on around the city.	1														
" The pollution is so bad here,"	0														
" No matter how many times you view photographs or watch travel shows about the Taj,"	0														
 was the grotesque deformities of a number of beggars surrounding the main entrance.	0														
 Beggars are to be found all over the station and totally ignoring them is the only way.	0														
 Organized chaos ensued with people grabbing whatever seats were available and to hell with reservations….	0														
"This was a pretty boring drive thru endless fields under agriculture,"	0														
 The Khajuraho Temples in Madhya Pradesh are amongst the most beautiful medieval monuments in India.	1														
 which means a crossing point between heaven and earth.	1														
" The pollution is so bad here,"	0														
" the existing air pollution and incense being burned,"	0														
 We needed some quiet time to be able to comprehend at least a little bit what had happened in the 6 days in Vrindavan.	1														
 It was family owned and for dinner that evening we sat in the family's dining room and ate beautiful home cooked (and vegetarian!	1														
 as me and my luggage squeezed through the crowds to the platform furthest away from the entrance.	0														
 beggars and sellers do their rounds on an Indian train.	1														
 rubbish strewn everywhere.	0														
" the white marble still clean and smooth,"	1														
 The two red sandstone buildings that flank the Taj would probably have been spectacular sights in themselves had they not been literally overshadowed by the Taj.	1														
It is as beautiful as they say.	1														
 warm day and the traffic was not so busy.	1														
 The trip would prove to be far easier and more relaxing than the previous one.	1														
 We walked through the huge main gate and admired the view out over the valley then a walk back around the cloisters to the front entrance.	1														
 The gardens surrounding the building are peaceful and even though there were many people there it did not feel crowded.	1														
 The view back to the entrance was grand and up close the walls of the Taj gleamed white.	1														
 We were shown how they do the inlays and then taken to the shop where we eventually bought a beautiful marble plate with a traditional design.	1														
 inlaid with beautiful patterns just like the Taj.	1														
 small but beautiful in their design and decoration.	1														
 This was pleasant as we have been very busy up to now so a relaxing afternoon ensued.	1														
Many things are spectacular; some quite confronting.	1														
The old part of Varanasi is a maze of tiny crowded lanes.	0														
 After a bit of research we have found that the greater Delhi area has a population of almost 25 million people!	0														
 London has a population of around 8.	0														
" Delhi also has one of the highest population densities in the world at almost 30,"	1														
 breath-taking architecture amazing and a fantastic view of the Taj Mahal.	1														
 We've spent the day relaxing today in Jaipur and will 'hit the sights' tomorrow!	1														
 boats are available for viewing the entire stretch of Varanasi Ghats from a grand stand.	1														
 how can you travel to India without visiting the beautiful Taj Mahal?	1														
Just before I give you some more information I just want to point out that the Ganges is one of the most polluted water bodies in the world.	1														
 some sh*t trinket souvenir or a beggar coming asking for “bakshish”.	0														
" Sometimes the beggars aren't even poor,"	1														
" Once that's been done they're sent to heaven and aren't reincarnated as someone else,"	1														
 got stuck in traffic and then dropped off at the main entrance which is the busiest one and had to walk through a park to get there.	1														
 A huge gate purpose build for your first view of the Taj.	1														
 Entering from the side takes away from your initial view of the Taj slightly because you can see the main dome.	0														
 But it was still a beautiful sight.	1														
 It's an absolutely beautiful structure.	1														
 Straight out of the station and into the chaos of Delhi.	0														
 Hotel Atithi was probably the most modern and clean hotel so far.	1														
" Thank heavens our guide sort of pulled us through the security,"	1														
" relaxing lunch,"	1														
" Although the traffic wasn’t as bad as Delhi,"	1														
 it was still pretty chaotic and the ride was longer that I’d figured.	0														
 but not quite as nice or clean as the hotel in Delhi.	0														
 children playing on the street a very relaxed slowed paced way of living.	0														
check in and went to our rooms to relaxed for a bit.	1														
" We drove through Varanasi's traffic with ricks,"	1														
 We then got on a boat (same as the day before) and placed our mats on the top of the boat and started our 1 hour yoga session as the boat moved towards the beach on the other side of the river.	1														
) I hope I am sin free and clean of bad energy as I did submerge in he Ganges up to my knees!	1														
 Took pictures with the monks and walk around the ruins taking pictures and enjoying the calmness and peace of the temple.	1														
pretty cool and made he experience even more authentic and peaceful and calmed.	1														
 At that point we were standing or leaning on a small area by a wall holding bags of he others and I started thinking of my previous trip to India around Rajasthan with Kyle and how when I was anxious he would calmed me so much by simply holding my hand or hugging me.	1														
 We got to the hotel and grabbed our yoga mats for a well deserved relaxing class and headed to the ashram.	1														
The yoga class was amazing I wa sable to focus and relax and let out all the anxiety from he day.	1														
"The Varanasi market is really crowded and is basic a street food,"	0														
 The view of the room where we did yoga (open space) was towards the Ganges.	1														
- Traffic is insane!	0														
"Temporary respite from the dirt and squalor of the crowded streets was provided by a western style cafe within a textile shop providing another browsing opportunity,"	1														
 I imagined that they were gonna kill Rob in a back Street and that a bunch of men were gonna come into the office kidnap me and sex traffic me like something out of Taken ( completely overreacting!	1														
"com now) It was a nice experience and we started to feel a little settled again once we ignored the curious and sometimes aggressive stares and the horrific roads of honking horns and near misses with tuk tuks,"	1														
 Hindus believe this place is sacred as the lord Shiva (One of the Gods) let goddess Ganges flow from his hair so that people could go peacefully to the other side and also be reincarnated.	1														
 Many of the people in India litter everywhere and a lot of them spit on the floors alot!	1														
 and some cows were able to move along the cramped and crowded lanes.	0														
" cleaned up a little,"	1														
 and multitudes of boats crowded the shore for a look.	1														
calm both so that one might meditate.	1														
 We told him that we would be walking eastwards to see all the ghats in that direction that we hadn't had a chance to view yet.	1														
 I was reminded how liberally Indians honk their horns.	1														
 and in the cramped lanes only motorbikes can go (their horns still suck).	0														
" Certain ghats have more touts and beggars than others so when you're feeling tired,"	1														
 it was set on fire as a crowd of people watched.	0														
now and then different beggars or people trying to sell something would stop by us.	0														
 One beggar had both his arms amputated at the elbow joints.	0														
 responded that the beggar had had his arms cut off so he could try to earn more from begging.	1														
 The lesson took place with an incredible view of the Ganga and for two hours we did Asanas (poses) and Pranayamas (breathing exercises) and then completed with incredible and synchronized OM chants.	0														
 I tried meditating too and after that I walked down to the Ganga and waded my legs into the polluted water.	1														
 and we walked through the evening ceremony at the Main Ghat that was being viewed by hundreds.	1														
" A meal a little later on and a quiet stroll along the narrow lanes,"	1														
" Amidst the chaos and cacauphony of life,"	0														
The usual first breathtaking view of the Mausoleum is spoilt by the drizzle and the grey background of the sky against which the Taj seems to dissolve in the thin mist.	1														
 is suffering the ravages of pollution and general degradation.	0														
 It is a beautiful but small white marble structure with exquisite inlay work outside and delicate wall paintings of fruit and flower motifs within.	1														
could view the Taj.	0														
" There is beautiful blue tile inlay on the outside,"	1														
 It was in a beautiful seventeenth century palace.	1														
 There was beautiful artistry throughout.	0														
I still don't understand how they manage to speed through these crowded narrow roads.	1														
 so much traffic and congestion.	0														
 our drive on the horn all the time.	0														
" Beautifully built,"	1														
" Quite crowded but we were able to walk around,"	0														
" Presently cleaning the minarets,"	1														
 so scaffolding spoiling the view but still very impressive.	1														
"Considering that one of the most beautiful buildings in the world,"	0														
 The early morning sun cast a soft and beautiful glow on the building.	1														
" It has some of the most beautiful carvings that we have seen on our trip so far,"	1														
" Just so hard to believe it was built in 1630 by the King to remember his beautiful wife who died giving birth to their 14th child at aged 39,"	1														
" While there's a good view of the Taj,"	0														
a name for ourselves as one of the waiting staff apologised for the noise and hoped we'd managed to sleep when it finished.	1														
 I asked him if there were any more parties in the hotel for the next couple of nights and he said that there weren't so it should be quiet - phew!	0														
 This turned out to be incredibly quiet and we walked straight through.	1														
 It's a fantastic view but amazing that the rooftops between there and the Taj have not been taken over as viewing points.	1														
" He kept telling us it was fixed when it wasn't and after we'd been listening to the running water for 20 minutes and somebody turning up to clean up the bathroom after the engineer,"	0														
 though with nightmare Delhi traffic and a lost driver only just!	0														
" navigate to the Ganga side ghats and ponder the views above Manikarnika burning ghat,"	1														
A few of the worlds population are lucky enough to see some of the great wonders here on earth.	1														
 Everything that relates to beauty and elegance an be describe to the detailed marvelous architecture.	1														
"What I found in Ayodhya was a peaceful old charm small city that decried the tumultuous events of 1992,"	1														
 with people leading simple lives oriented around the worship of Lord Rama in a beautiful central temple where it was clear many pilgrims came from afar to visit and receive blessings.	1														
 People in the neighbouring streets were quietly and peacefully going about their business.	1														
 In my view he was a saint to be emulated for sure.	1														
" Nous gardons notre calme et le prenons au mot… Nous attendons tout de même le photographe pour récupérer les photos prises au début de la visite,"	1														
" We had a big clean room,"	1														
" a super clean bathroom,"	1														
 bottled soda in the cafe just to enjoy our first view of the Taj.	0														
 What a beautiful building.	1														
wonderful views of the Taj.	1														
 But a very nice view anyway.	1														
 And Nina decided to head south into the warmer parts of India for a relaxed time on the beach.	1														
 The beauty of Vrindavan lies beyond what we see.	1														
 It was a full moon night and it was a really great atmosphere - with the full moon shining over the fields around Vrindavan.	1														
 He was very proud of his beautiful daughter.	1														
" tourists numbering more than twice the population of Agra pass through its gates to catch a once-in-a-lifetime glimpse of what is widely considered the most beautiful building in the world ……and we were there,"	0														
 gazing at that beauty - I will never take our luck for granted.	1														
"thousands of semi-precious stones in beautiful patterns,"	1														
We also enjoyed the view alongside of the Yamuna River (which used to be crocodile infested).	1														
" We set off from the hotel expecting to jump in a tuk-tuk however we ended up walking along the road which was crowded with cars,"	1														
"Throughout the day we would have to stop and move aside as men carried bodies beautifully covered in orange silk and flowers,"	1														
" Our hotel was clean and quiet,"	1														
 The title as the most beautiful building in the world is very much deserved and we could have spent all day wandering around the gardens.	1														
In the afternoon we visited the Baby Taj (smaller but older and arguably more beautiful than the Taj Mahal) and the Mosque and Palace (Fatehpur Sikri) 40km north of Agra in the town of Sikri.	1														
After a quick clean up at the hostel we headed out and made a beeline for the closest ghat.	1														
" people just relaxing by the ganges from younger to older groups sat together,"	1														
 the odd holy man with long dreadlocks sat on their own at peace and the odd tourist here and there.	0														
" It felt like a nice relaxing place for a local,"	1														
would see your attempt to relax as an invite to try harder and more insistently than the last.	1														
 The views from the ganges were quite impressive as we took in all the buildings and unused ghats as well as the greenery on the opposite side of the river to the more rural areas of Varanasi.	1														
hectic India we were definitely looking forward to some relaxation and a slower pace in South India.	1														
 clean with plush interiors .	1														
 The three of us were in a hurry to reach Baga Beach and of course come back within the 4 hours limit.	1														
 So you girls want to look around or just go to the beach directly.	1														
" And here we were heading towards the beach in the beautiful yet unknown place to us ,"	1														
"Beautiful houses painted in greens,"	1														
 colourful dresses and peaceful faces … that’s what I could see all around me.	1														
" A place could actually be beautiful and peaceful and fun and yet not be a Bollywood set ,"	1														
 beaches and the resorts .	1														
That four hour visit to the beach and back was like a refresher course in the past and the present of Goa.	1														
" this time not only was fun filled because of the beautiful sunset at beach and the gaiety and festivity around ,"	1														
 the beaches clean and the town peaceful .	1														
" A true gentleman with a clean soul ,"	1														
 We had a really clear view of the cremation area.	0														
" Anna bought a beautiful Saree,"	1														
 then have an hour to relax before setting off for the last auspicious ceremony later tonight.	1														
 and traffic of all descriptions!	0														
" The traffic was so crazy,"	0														
" Anna also felt that the crowds were just too much,"	0														
 some saying it’s the most beautiful thing they'd ever laid eyes on.	0														
 we'd heard the best time to view the Taj Mahal is at sunrise.	1														
" The best spot to view the palace at sunrise is actually from Agra fort,"	1														
morning the crowds weren't too big and the air was cool.	1														
 The view was amazing.	1														
Both rooms were not dingy by any means and also had amazing views of the taj mahal.	1														
It was lovely to walk around and admire this beauty but in the sun the marble floors were very hot.	1														
 We understood the streets were chaotic but the train stations too!	0														
 You could certainly see that it was every monkey for themselves as they scrapped over rubbish and food thrown onto the tracks.	1														
"All that traffic on the tracks: trains,"	0														
" I wandered around the busy streets of Varanasi (the traffic is MENTAL),"	0														
"View of Yamuna River,"	1														
" They mention the pollution of the river and the streets,"	0														
 the ever present chaos and noise.	1														
" but it was such a clean cut and with ca 1 cm still at place,"	0														
" Although very clean (they were expecting the visit of President Obama who never showed up),"	1														
" Crowded beyond belief,"	0														
 and with that the usual random crowd of men gathered to stare.	0														
 The place was stinking and again there was litter and honking horns everywhere.	0														
" sitting in the sun listening to honking horns,"	0														
" but even if it was just a reduction in litter and pollution,"	0														
 and Varanasi which probably belch out a thousand per cent more pollution in 1 day than London does in a year.	0														
" the noise and the filth,"	0														
 I met some nice Australian and British girls and we first went to the Lotus Temple by a tuktuk and experienced the caotic and very noisy traffic and saw lots of almost-accidents.	0														
 followed the crowd that left the central station and accidently found the old Delhi market at night.	0														
" chaotic but save place,"	0														
(3) Red Fort is a very big building but the counter area was crowded and the counter line very long.	1														
" a peaceful park with a Ghandi monument,"	1														
 I became more fascinated by the peaceful openness towards every religion.	1														
" The high and drunk men were seriously freaking out and a crowd of 30 or more appeared around me,"	0														
 those first Rays of the morning sun glistened on the water and it actually looked like a beautiful serene place.	1														
" always had clean faces for bedtime,"	1														
 It really was beautiful and very skilled intricate work.	1														
 He offered us tea and it was actually a nice relaxed environment with plenty of time to look and appreciate the product with no hard sell.	1														
 They were beautiful and so colourful.	1														
" I'd like to think she'd bought some clean underwear since Delhi,"	1														
" but I reckoned I could probably pick one up in Aldershot for the same price given that there is a huge Nepalese population in the town,"	1														
" no longer would I be going out of my way to keep quiet-I decided to take a leaf from Molly Brown and do what I would be doing if I had a room to myself,"	0														
" I had a shower and I wasn't best pleased when I noticed she hadn't cleaned the toilet and used my facecloth that was on top of my wash bag,"	1														
 chose to reverse that part instead to pull up outside of the shop-all with oncoming traffic beeping us out of the way.	0														
 they were almost crowding around us.	0														
 I deliberated weather or not to hold on or risk leaving my bags and chance what would probably be a honking smelly toilet.	1														
 It was so nice just to feel clean and relax and I was really looking forward to seeing the sunset tonight.	1														
 There were more cows and more motorbikes (a pair of cows were even locking horns in the middle of the road with vehicles swerving around them) it was the most insane place yet.	0														
" It just seemed peaceful and without sounding like a complete moron,"	1														
" one of the most beautiful buildings and iconic landmarks on earth,"	1														
was a good example of why the English are so rubbish at cricket: here was the evidence they couldn't bowl.	1														
 It was so cleverly designed and built from red sandstone and it was just a lovely place in general with beautiful gardens and flowers.	1														
 Shar Jahan ordered that the workmen have their hands chopped off to stop them ever recreating anything so beautiful ever again.	1														
 All polluting traffic is now banned from driving within a certain radius of the building now and instead you hop on a type of electric bus to get to the entrance.	0														
 The guards where blowing whistles at those taking pictures and it was generally chaotic-not the serene final resting place you'd think.	1														
Up early and down to the temple the security was quiet tight and I was frisked twice; it was strange to see members of so many different sects in one place many engaged in devotions.	1														
 and for the most part it is horribly chaotic place.	0														
" never regarding the traffic lanes,"	1														
 and only sometimes acknowledging the traffic lights.	1														
" how do you drive into oncoming traffic at 100 mph,"	0														
"Second driving lesson: They honk their car horns all day and all night long,"	0														
" Even the back of the trucks have signs saying """"horn"""" or """"horn please."	0														
" Other vehicles driving in the chaos are rickshaws,"	0														
" Around every corner of the complex there is a new beautiful detail with ancient Hindu and Muslim architecture,"	1														
 where you can get a good view of the whole lake and palace complex.	1														
many intricate embroidered rugs and a gorgeous crystal chandelier that I believe our guide said was a gift from another country.	1														
""""" The one thing our guide was able to tell us about this place was that the many beautiful windows of the Hawa Majal weren't only used for decoration but that they also had some sort of screen on them that allowed cool breeze to come in and that permitted the ladies to look through to view the proceedings of the people down below."	1														
 It made us thank the heavens we had not traveled here with our husbands because they probably would have been bored to death!	1														
 which are seriously one of the most gorgeous traditional dress styles in the world.	1														
 We also went to a shoe store and got these gorgeous Indian style shoes which all had intricate beads and colorful designs on them.	1														
" This means driving right into oncoming traffic in the pitch dark night,"	0														
" You have to ride a pollution free vehicle up to the Taj Mahal,"	1														
 these strict rules are in place in order to keep the air around it as clean as possible and to maintain a protected barrier.	1														
" It was very crowded and we knew it was only going to get worse,"	0														
 The traffic was worse and the hotel we stayed at wasn't so great.	0														
 as well as taking several quiet moments to pray and contemplate.	0														
 nestling serenely on a mountain backdrop staring at the snow capped Himalayas.	1														
" quiet days saw us exploring tiny markets,"	1														
 in a restaurant which also nestled into the mountain side as the sun set over the snow caps.	1														
The Taj is the most exquisitely beautiful building I have ever seen.	1														
" with no litter or discarded plastic bags in sight,"	1														
 some wearing really beautiful saris.	1														
" no plastic litter allowed,"	1														
" relaxed and refined place with fine Taj views),"	1														
 The platform was crowded with people.	0														
"green fields with both men and women working in them by hand,"	1														
" loads of rubbish everywhere (mainly shredded plastic),"	0														
 At every level crossing there were crowds of people on bicycles waiting for the train to pass.	0														
along crowded streets.	0														
 There is a rooftop restuarant with a fine view over the Ganges and a staircase leads you down to the walk along the riverfront.	1														
" beggars and holymen asking for money,"	0														
 We are so lucky that we can slink back to the quiet of our room or the rooftop restuarant.	1														
" In the mornings there is a rather nice mist over the Ganges,"	1														
 but according to the locals it wasn’t crowded at all (due to the inclement weather).	0														
 I quickly realised that I’d hate to be here on a crowded day!	1														
 I needed a couple of extra strength Kingfisher beers to calm the green chillies we’d ordered on the side (or at least that was my excuse).	1														
" The traffic chaos was unbelievable,"	0														
 but I caught glimpses of villages and fields covered in a yellow flowering plant as we sped by (I later learnt it was mustard/rapeseed).	1														
" This was the India of documentaries on poverty – with rubbish heaps randomly scattered through streets,"	1														
" We saw the beautifully decorated rooms where Shah Jahan had spent his last days,"	1														
 I really wished we had better light for our photographs so that I could have captured the depth of the beauty in the design here.	1														
" It was a super clean hotel and the room was smallish but very,"	1														
 the view of the Taj Mahal from the hotel rooftop wasn’t a selling point.	1														
 where he had a view of the Taj Mahal and supposedly stared at it for the rest of his days.	1														
The red sandstone walls that surround the Taj Mahal prevented it from being viewed from the road.	1														
 we walked towards the grand gate - which is a spectacular arch of red sandstone directly in front of the Taj Mahal.	1														
 but it was certainly a majestic and breathtaking sight when we finally stepped through the archway and were faced with the sheer size and beauty of it – a mass of white marble set amid beautiful formal gardens.	1														
" It has such a beautiful and magical atmosphere,"	1														
" Even though crowd numbers were down due to the weather,"	0														
" I think the sum of the parts of the complex is far more beautiful in its symmetry and effect,"	1														
 I loved the practical aspects of the fort’s architecture and the clever and beautiful additions that converted parts of it into palaces.	1														
Even with the fog in the area it was still spectacular to see.	1														
 Lol but the view and the scenery along the way was spectacular.	1														
 You could easily spend half a day wandering around these beautiful but crumbling examples of Mughal architecture.	1														
 thankfully it is a peaceful place today.	1														
The rooms were quite clean and big.	1														
" The Taj is one of the most well preserved and architecturally beautiful tombs in the world,"	1														
" The fort has a beautiful view of his masterpiece,"	1														
"The town is relatively peaceful and green,"	1														
" I wonder if they are in the same category as people claiming Delhi airport to be super hectic and chaotic; when we there we saw no evidence of that,"	0														
" It probably would if you weren't dodging traffic and weaving through the crowd,"	0														
 the dailly schedule seems chaotic and intense to my English sensibilities.	1														
30am boat trip along the Ganga gave a rare opportunity to experience a quiet and peaceful Varanasi.	1														
 a handful of others also staying at Mishra beside us in the wooden boat that was being rowed by a quiet local.	0														
They were also very beautiful in a stark and haunting way.	1														
 During winter North India experiences thick fog that gave the beautiful gardens of Dhamma Chakka a ghostly quality beneath the compound's blue-white lightbulbs.	1														
 The 10 Day course spent the first three days focused entirely on anapanna (mindfulness of breathing) to calm and focus the mind before teaching vipassana on Day 4.	1														
 and even species (ie the points of view of non-human life) have the potential for near infinite possibilties.	1														
 The moon is stuck like horns above a tree.	1														
 It was a classic Delhi view - the city stretching out before you until it disappeared into the smoggy haze.	1														
 In the smaller version you get in Delhi they don't allow you to sit next to the driver so Jane had to sit on someone's knee and the three boys jammed on the seat.	0														
" The Agra fort probably upstages the Red Fort with its views of the Taj,"	1														
The mist cleared as we reached Fatapur Sikri.	1														
 The palace had some beautiful carvings and a unique monument to Akbar's favourite elephant executioner (it used to crush criminals in front of him).	1														
" There was clean sheets,"	1														
 Though there were many other people there its size meant it was peaceful and calm.	1														
 It was a much needed break from the chaos of India we'd experienced so far.	0														
 with an understanding but low opinion of India's caste system and fairly critical views of the machismo of Indian men.	0														
 We spent 20 minutes or so looking around the beautiful hall of the Bara Imambara before heading upstairs to what I thought would be the balconies.	1														
 After reaching the balcony and getting a lovely view across the Lucknow we decided to return to the front gate and move onto another attraction further down the road.	1														
"After a chaotic first week in India,"	0														
 The hostel had a open relaxation area and up stairs a kitchen we could use.	1														
"The past 48 hours have been a chaos of our mistakes,"	0														
 It was so beautiful with the light and candles.	0														
 we finally got a rickshaw to drop us at the Ganges and it wasn’t long before we had searched and found a room at Hotel Ganges View just south of Assi Ghat on the Ganges River.	1														
Slightly above our budget (as we were in need of some pampering) we paid up the room for 6 nights for 9000 rupees and decided to sit tight with a little view for my birthday week.	1														
 After a few beeping horns and a great cheeky Chai I decided to head back to the room to take advantage of our satellite TV and comfy bed.	0														
in the morning Casey was feeling much better so we decided to take a little stroll down the river to check out a few of the main sights here on one of the most polluted rivers in the world.	0														
 On our stroll from the south you begin by passing small lanes filled with dust that is created from the traffic and dried out cow dung that I have to say doesn’t make most of the streets in Varanasi comfortable to walk around.	0														
" Now I had been reading about the on goings around these waterways and you often read of the rubbish and pollution,"	0														
luckily for us the prime minister had visited a few days ago so in a matter of hours India was sparkling clean by Indian standards anyway.	1														
 The Ganges almost looked clean enough to swim in.	1														
The difference between walking through the streets to walking alongside the river is the calmness you can feel whilst at the water’s edge.	1														
Further North you quickly see the day to day activities of Varanasi locals and amongst them you will see beautifully dressed women and half nude men all washing themselves and the households laundry in the heavily polluted river.	1														
" You can see people washing Laundry near piles of collected rubbish and even further north,"	1														
is that peace or piss off?	0														
 In the picture of him and I it is a little unclear whether he is saying peace or piss off!	0														
" After a nice few days of relaxing with great mates on one of my favourite islands in the world we would board another boat,"	1														
 If it’s the authentic hustle bustle of the old town or the calm soothing feel of the river.	1														
 It has 2 beautiful monasteries.	1														
 The modern temple is beautiful and serene.	1														
 Also if you can manage the chaos then Dev Deepawali in November is a spectacular scene.	1														
 with beautiful carvings engraved in the marble.	1														
" some cool engravings in the walls of some of the buildings and an amazing view of the Taj,"	1														
 but all got out of bed sleepily to greet us and make us some beautiful Chai.	1														
It did have views to the Taj Mahal.	1														
 Its a small area close to the Taj that you can view the Taj Mahal against the backdrop of a sunset and popular with tourists and locals alike.	1														
 A few of the local boys decided to become fixated on beautiful Taylor and in the end I had to tell them I was her mother and to leave her alone!	1														
 It was all homecooked by the family that run the homestay and the food was beautiful and authentic.	1														
 It was extremely beautiful and quite overwhelming.	0														
to the beautiful Ranjana and her family before heading off to catch a train to Delhi.	1														
 Beautiful even from that distance.	1														
 We then headed off to our hotel to relax before heading out to see the Taj Mahal.	1														
 It was breath taking to see the Taj Mahal as it is more beautiful than we ever expected it to be.	1														
 It was a dream come true to see it and spend time in such a beautiful setting.	1														
" We relaxed and chatted,"	1														
The noise made by the looms was really loud.	0														
" relaxing and chatting about Jude's university work,"	1														
" Jude and I opted for a quiet meal on our own,"	0														
 dogs and cows roaming and crazy drivers beeping horns and people milling around on there way to or from somewhere.	0														
It was quite a peaceful experience and we saw fish jumping and Dushyant said they even had fresh water dolphins!	0														
 So may be the water isn't as polluted as we westerners think.	1														
 You submerge yourself under the water 3 times and then chant and it is supposed to cleans your soul and absolve your sins and make you pure again.	1														
 We took the boat to small sand bank in the middle of the river where it was less crowded and cleaner.	1														
 Dushyant calmed the situation down and I deleted the shots which seemed to offend.	1														
" It was very beautiful so sat and watched it from our boat on the river for a while listening to the monks chant,"	1														
 Then a tuk tuk home to the hotel We got stuck in traffic and found ourselves being followed by a man who had taken a shine to Mary and was walking with his dick out in his hand.	1														
" We moved slowly through the traffic and he kept catching up to us,"	0														
The train was very crowded and many of the passengers were police and army people returning home after the elections.	0														
" It was noisy with people walking past chatting or on the phone - hello hello,"	1														
" noisy people sitting on the edge of our beds,"	1														
 As usual we had to dodge to maic traffic and avoid an early death on the roads lol but we managed it and all arrived at the air conditioned hotel all in one piece.	0														
 It's hot sweaty and very noisy work.	0														
" The replies we visited are amazing and still look so new and beautiful and the photos do not do them justice,"	1														
 However the crowds soon flocked in and spoiled the natural beauty.	0														
 at its peak around 99k visitors a day can view the monument.	1														
" It's a vast complex cleverly built on a hill side with a 360 view of the surrounding area surrounded by a 16KM wall to protect it,"	1														
 Some of them were beautifully painted and I hope to upload some photos on here soon so you can all see.	0														
 The sound of people chatting and car horns blowing etc all going in around us.	1														
We took some photos of one of the large roundabouts from the top of a Hindu temple and amongst the chaos was a cow.	1														
" It seems amongst all the traffic the cow top trumps all other road users,"	1														
" We are staying in a small family run hotel which is basic but clean and comfortable,"	1														
They also collect the cow dung and dry it out nard use it to fuel their fires and then use the ashes to clean the dishes.	1														
 We sat on the floor inside a beautiful heritage home with the amazing architecture lit up by coloured lights and bats flying around us!	1														
 Miriam and myself went into the palace and spent a good few hours wandering around the beautifully decorated rooms and gardens.	1														
 At this point i conveniently found an amazing viewing spot off the path on a huge boulder right in prime location for sunrise watching.	1														
 The sun peeked over the mountains and we watched in awe as it bathed the valley and city in golden light.	1														
 After sitting for half an hour or so the rest of the group came back down and sat with us for a few minutes taking in the view before we walked back down and walked to a restaurant for breakfast.	1														
 I had the mixed fruit pancake which was immense and just what I needed after climbing up most of a mountain and coming back down all before 9am!	1														
" Danielle relaxed by the pool,"	1														
 This was beautiful and I really enjoyed the intricate and dainty architecture as well as the many shades of colours.	1														
" the crowd below would whoop and cheer and whistle when the characters fought,"	0														
" nestled in peaceful surroundings between two granite cliffs,"	1														
" He then started making noises and splashing at the water and then behold,"	1														
 It was beautiful and there was a great viewpoint of the two mahul which gave us our first glimpse of this wonder.	1														
" for me I haven't seen the Taj Mahul from this side and to be honest I think it is my favourite view with the river in front of it,"	1														
"We were cream cracked after this so relaxed and had a delicious Indian thali meal,"	0														
 It had a rooftop restaurant with great view of the snaking Ganges and the buildings hugging its eastern shores.	1														
 cleaning their clohes and cleaning themselves to using it as a toilet or a pen to keep their water Buffalo in.	0														
 I felt like we were leaving the calm and into the storm.	0														
and stressed my foot was going to need a total clean out at the hospital for absolutely no reason at all.	0														
" l have read that the ganges pollution levels are 3000 over the 'safe' limit,"	1														
 if not for getting away from the busy streets below to relax or the great views but to see Monkeys getting chased off by the owners dogs!	1														
" We spent most of our time there learning about the history of this beautiful building,"	1														
 but perhaps the noise and press of the crowd made it seem less special.	0														
 but how can one enjoy beauty if people are shoving and pushing and whistles are being blown into your ear?	0														
" Singhji says that sometimes it is so crowded that even he does not want to enter the impressive Taj Mahal,"	0														
 as the noise and smell and crush of the masses of people can be overwhelming.	0														
 a gorgeous white marble building that almost every visitor to India must see.	1														
 We gingerly tiptoed through the alley until we reached a mass crowd of people lining up to get in a small temple door.	1														
 Instead it turned out that my mosquito repellant was a dangerous article (deodorants etc ok but mosquito repellant not).	1														
" after admiring the view of the sunny day outside,"	1														
 unrelentingly chaotic and unapologetically indiscreet places on earth.	0														
" beautiful saris,"	1														
 and I cleaned up buying a stack of their scarves!	0														
" Walking down the beach in Arambol,"	0														
 What an excitement to see one of the most beautiful buildings of the world with my own eyes.	1														
 Inside there were beautiful flowers.	0														
A nice change for the crowded environment was the visit of the Keoladeo Ghana National Park.	1														
" was built to be a gorgeous monument,"	1														
" considering the traffic situation in India anyway,"	0														
We arrive in Agra to this BEAUTIFUL hotel.	1														
) It is more like a fort/castle thing with amazing gardens and pools and beauty everywhere.	1														
 It is more beautiful than words can describe and more spectacular than any picture could ever capture.	1														
" Shah Jahan built the Taj Mahal To ensure that no other living structure would ever rival the beauty of the Taj Mahal,"	1														
 that Shah Jahan “cut off the hands of the artists” so that nothing as beautiful would ever be built.	0														
" The city is famous for the Taj Mahal which is beautiful but the city is mad,"	1														
" Animals everywhere foraging through loads of litter and debris,"	0														
 The traffic was awful with really bad bottle necks made worse as a buffalo had decided to die and they were trying to haul it out of the way.	0														
" We crossed over the river with a view of the little Taj and made our way to the park where the Maharajah was going to build the black Taj,"	1														
 on the opposite side of the river Yamoona to the Taj Mahal where his favourite wife is buried and this gave us some lovely views of the Taj Mahal itself.	1														
 it really is such a contrast from the chaos outside to the serenity inside and of course the luxury and comfort inside to the poverty and sadness in the street.	1														
" crowded with people so we didn't get a Princess Diana moment but Delboy knew all the photoshots and where to take them,"	1														
" It is such a beautiful building,"	1														
" It would be nice to walk around in peace and calm,"	1														
 noisy - everything we had experienced but greatly magnified - but that is what Varanasi is all about!	0														
"The sunrise boat trip on the Ganges was sensational - just as we had imagined - viewing the bathing ghats,"	1														
 bright lights and spiritual chantings reflecting across the Ganges with the sunrise casting a peaceful orange light across the water.	1														
" noisy spiritual experience with ringing bells,"	1														
 no crowds in front of us for the first 10 minutes - pictures of the Taj Mahal in its pure and pristine elegance.	1														
 and watched a beautiful sunset.	1														
 with most of the men taking an early morning dump in the middle of the field next to the tracks!	0														
" no english but plenty of crowd whistling and shouting gave us an idea,"	0														
 From Agra we travelled up to Varanasi where we walked hurriedly between traffic coming from every direction to the Ganges to watch the sunset and ceremonies the accompany it.	1														
 It was so relaxed compared to India and the hustle and bustle that came with it.	1														
 We spent a lovely day with Henry and Haydon showing us about Durbur square and walked upto monkey temple to get an incredbile view of the whole of this awesome city.	1														
 I could already see why this was classed as one of the most beautiful buildings ever constructed.	1														
" To say it’s beautiful is really an understatement,"	1														
" Looking at the Taj Mahal from the ‘classic postcard view’ doesn’t get boring,"	1														
 and with the world’s most beautiful building in our view we sat back and basked in the moment.	1														
" The fact that this place would bring us burning corpses and people bathing in one of most polluted rivers in the world still however,"	1														
 fairly quiet and the room was half decent albeit a little dark.	1														
"After this relaxing tour of Sarnath,"	1														
 we hurtled towards the ceremony at an unbelievable pace considering the amount of traffic on the roads.	0														
" Narrowly missing the ‘traffic police’ (Cows in the middle of the road) as well as pot holes and humans,"	0														
 and the tranquillity and calm of being some of the only people on the river gave us a great feeling of peace.	0														
peaceful it is within the University walls in comparison to the hustle and bustle of Varanasi outside.	1														
" and after dismissing the hawkers selling death views from balconies and other vantage points,"	0														
 There above me to the left was a man on a gorgeous little balcony.	1														
 also commenting on the beauty of the edifice on which he stood.	1														
 The Ghat is very peaceful with small temples inhabited by a priest and his chela.	1														
 is the most gorgeous little temple that can only be seen from a boat during the winter months when the Ganga has receded.	1														
his chai in clean small white porcelain cups (nice touch!	1														
Only small problem is that there is a wedding the next day next to my Guest House – friends of Deepak and Rajana – so they are availing the area right outside my room to the preparation of sweetmeats for the event – a rather noising undertaking which keeps me awake until 12.	1														
 it was quiet and not too crowded.	1														
" It’s beautiful in pictures,"	1														
 and it’s just as beautiful in person.	1														
 just because it was so unexpectedly beautiful and pleasant inside.	1														
We had another of my favorite experiences in India while eating breakfast on the hotel roof in view of the Taj Mahal.	1														
 There are a lot of beggars there who seem to make do alright because pilgrims are likely to give alms.	1														
 quiet town.	1														
" have a fantastic shower to clean off the grime and tiredness,"	1														
 I see how huge mother Ganga is – and all the fields on her banks are flooded.	1														
"View from our guest house,"	1														
Before we traveled to India we knew it would chaotic and intense.	0														
" We knew the traffic would be crazy,"	0														
 Traffic is the first shocker you notice in India.	0														
 all winding chaotically amongst each other as fast as can possibly be achieved.	0														
" Horns are used constantly by all vehicles,"	0														
" There are no traffic lights,"	0														
" horns blare non-stop,"	0														
You can only handle so much Varanasi before you need to escape to a quiet place.	1														
 Luckily we had an amazing guesthouse that was located 10 minutes outside the old city in a quiet area.	1														
 Our room was big and clean with air conditioning!	1														
 All of the traffic began to swarm around the vehicle.	0														
 I don’t know if it so much for respect of the structure as it is to keep it clean and the marble shiny.	1														
" There is also a beautiful orange stone called the fire of India and when light hits it,"	1														
 All were very beautiful and VERY expensive and heavy.	1														
 Another cool thing about the fort was all the marvelous views one could see of the Taj – which truly is an elegant structure.	1														
 we ran into a traffic jam.	0														
" Somehow amongst the chaos that very alone,"	0														
" Smiling at the beauty in the train walking,"	1														
 It is beauty in hardship.	0														
 Crowds and noise and a dirtiness you will not experience anywhere else.	0														
 horns and road blocks.	0														
 It is beauty in chaos.	1														
" the view of the banks from the river should be beautiful too as you take in the sight and sound of evening prayers,"	1														
 the banks are very crowded and we stay for some time before returning to the hotel.	1														
after the temple darshan or viewing we are stressed as its very crowded and generally there's a lot of pushing and pulling as is the case with all famous Hindu temples.	1														
in the evening we stroll down to Nadesar House opposite the Taj and it is this beautiful palace now converted to an emporium.	1														
 my friend had also told me about the gorgeous benarasi silk sarees that Taj can arrange for you to buy from but we refrain from that since I already possess many of them.	1														
 We were ahead of most of the traffic on the roads into Kashi and were dropped off with our guide at the main entrance.	0														
 It was quite peaceful at sunrise but the humidity was certainly on the rise and quite warm outside.	1														
 We made it to the temple just before the larger morning crowds were entering.	0														
" We took turns viewing the temple and during my turn,"	0														
" Michelle waited in one of the clean stores selling aryuvedic oils,"	0														
 Traffic is another issue completely.	0														
 India is just as dirty up close as it is from the view in the backseat of our car.	1														
" The crowds of people,"	0														
 We also got to view their vegetable garden used to prepare dishes for the restaurant.	1														
"We started out on the broad crowded streets on the periphery of Kashi and steadily moved towards the river through increasingly narrow streets,"	1														
 From here we viewed the previously mentioned sites from a discreet distance providing a new perspective.	1														
 Our guide helped us to view this from a balcony above and then moved us to a position just beneath one alter.	1														
 a pollution intensive industry.	0														
 our room has a direct view of the Taj Mahal.	1														
 it was raining so hard our view was obscured.	0														
 We pushed our way through the crowds (it was REALLY packed).	0														
 allowing us to view the Taj Mahal without rain pouring down.	1														
" Although designed to view against a bright blue sky,"	1														
 interfered with the view and made standing and admiring this magnificent mausoleum difficult.	1														
 stunning symmetry and fine lattice work were beautiful to admire.	1														
" Our guide had arranged for a drummer and horn blower to greet us at the Taj,"	1														
 We were shown how the beautiful inlaid marble was made.	0														
 Then we went to an embroidery shop were we view the stunning work again made by local craftsmen.	1														
 Nadeem requested us to look at our feet while crossing a threshold from where one could view TM.	1														
 he requested us to look up This is one of the spectacular sight you will see in your life!	1														
" folded crepe with bananas and heaven tucked inside,"	1														
" It may be simplistic to say that the Indians seem so calm in the midst of this apparent nationwide chaos,"	0														
 it's a weird combination; revering the waters of the Mother Ganges while at the same time polluting her to sickness.	1														
 which is so polluted I didn't even run my hands through its waters - a very un-me thing to do.	1														
" Do a little research and you will see how this river is polluted to such levels I'm convinced these people just may be the strongest people on the planet,"	1														
 set price shopping mall where you can find beautiful clothing made with both style and modesty in mind.	1														
 the rubbish is everywhere and the smell horrendous.	0														
"On first view the Taj is simply stunning,"	1														
 I was talked through how it is made and met the guys that on Fridays restore and clean the Taj Mahal.	1														
" The rest of the town is utter chaos and a dump like most of India,"	0														
 too much poverty and mental traffic but the buildings that are in this city are truly spectacular.	1														
" sometimes and afternoon but normally there is time spent relaxing in the hostel in between,"	1														
pretty much relaxed in my room most of the day.	1														
" Built of beautiful marble,"	1														
 the Indian people work diligently to ensure its beauty remains.	1														
 cows abound and are referred to as the traffic police by our guide as they randomly appear in traffic.	0														
" neem trees ( used in beauty products),"	1														
" which had a lovely – and clean – campus and attended the nightly Puja during the evening,"	1														
" They are allowed to roam the streets almost wherever they like and you have witnessed them cause traffic jams on busy streets,"	0														
" As you’re trying to clean your shoes,"	0														
 a policeman showed up to calm me down and the entire situation.	1														
The big fire lit lamps look beautiful as darkness envelops the area.	1														
"I thoroughly enjoyed it and had an excellent view of the proceedings,"	1														
 The streets were busy with traffic and pedestrians.	0														
" admiring the gorgeous saris and other items for sale,"	1														
 two of which I gave to a beggar woman.	0														
 and some historians have noted that its architectural beauty has never been surpassed.	1														
" serene beauty is beyond adequate description,"	1														
 I felt goosebumps on my skin as I stood there and feasted my eyes on this beautiful monument.	1														
 sitting in their outdoor area with a fabulous view of the domes of the Taj Mahal and the setting sun.	1														
Back view taken from Agra Fort.	1														
 over the heat and the pressure to buy rubbish I don't want.	0														
 Maybe equivalent to the Jam is not Jelly debate.	0														
 “I come in peace” but no one pays much attention.	1														
 Bobbie takes me to a garden to view the backside of the Taj.	0														
 He wants to then take me to “the best jewelry maker in Agra—beautiful silver!	1														
" Most of the hotels and restaurants in Agra advertise their views of the Taj,"	1														
 what a beautiful site.	1														
 The garbage cities give way to fields of grains and even greenery.	1														
 It seemed clean and the owner gave me a cold bottle of water on arrival and showed me their stunning rooftop restaurant overlooking the Ganges.	1														
 The reason I wanted to go to Varanasi was to see the Hindu religious ceremonies for the dead and the morning bathing rituals in the beautiful but very murky Ganges.	1														
The temple while beautiful seemed a way of forcing people into giving money for blessings which reminded me of the pre-Lutheran church.	1														
 The hotel itself was in a suburb of Agra and the room was clean even if the shower was again cold.	1														
 I can easily say I have never seen a more beautiful building.	1														
 Unfortunately it wasn't a very clear night so it was difficult to see the Taj's changing colours but the view was still awe-inspiring.	1														
 what can I say… the Taj Mahal is one of the most beautiful sights I have ever seen.	1														
" We couldn’t believe that we were standing in front of the Taj Mahal and it was us they wanted pictures of :/ We also couldn’t get over the “you -beautiful” remarks,"	1														
"Yet of course for every (uncalled for) ‘beautiful’ remark we do have to have a little giggle at the men who refer to us as “healthy” looking … at the same time this is being said,"	1														
 Naast de enorme chaos moesten we ook wennen aan de hitte met zo’n 45 graden.	0														
"Om de chaos even te ontsnappen hebben we een dagtrip gemaakt naar het vredige Sarnath: de plek waar Boeddha zijn beroemde eerste “teachings” gaf over de middenweg naar nirvana,"	0														
 Het gaat zelfs zover dat de Chinese regering door middel van censuur de Tibetanen afschildert als “Peaceful Terrorists” richting haar eigen volk.	1														
and beggars come to the Kumbh Mela to gain something for themselves.	0														
 Standing out in the Rainbow Camp you could hear all of the noise blending together to form a hum that lasted all day and all night.	1														
 the rest of the time I dearly enjoy the solitude and quietness of the Rainbow Camp.	1														
 The Rainbow Camp was a peaceful paradise in a world of chaos and noise.	1														
 After a few days someone discovered that if you walked 10 minutes to the right of camp you would come upon a clean tributary that was secluded and perfect for swimming.	1														
 Daily we would walk over to the swimming hole to swim and relax and completely forget about the Mela.	0														
and shows another way of viewing the world.	0														
" Although it was a large crowd I doubt it was anywhere close to 200,"	1														
Immediately as we started digging a huge crowd gathered to see what the crazy foreigners were doing.	0														
" I’ve read about several different ways they try to estimate the crowds and all seem very simplistic,"	0														
" thick-walled streets heavily populated with people,"	1														
" with the crowds of people in boats and on shore,"	0														
 and I was a little disappointed we did not have the time to stop at this elegant shop filled with an array of beautiful long black dresses designed for Muslim women.	1														
" we did pick up just one or two beautiful silk items before we left Varanasi,"	1														
LH is in a quiet residential area about 1km from the main market and 3km from the train station.	0														
 Which brings us to a point of note – the traffic system in Lucknow is totally chaotic - worse than anywhere we have experienced in India.	0														
" It’s a beautiful old building with a weird assortment of stone statues on the roof – angels,"	1														
 We get a view of the inside thanks to the caretaker.	1														
 In the basement (accessed through a mist of mossies!	1														
beautiful stepwell.	0														
The main building has a maze of passageways and stairs that lead up to the roof for great views across the area.	0														
 relatively clean and architecturally shows it’s Muslim roots) to catch the train to Jhansi where we will catch a rickshaw to Orchha (in Madhya Pradesh) for 2 days and then it’s onto familiar turf – Delhi & Jaipur before flying out.	1														
The roads are pretty good and we get to the Fort View Hotel at 8-00pm.	1														
 We head for the Sheesh Mahal restaurant as its location is good in the middle of the palaces (and it serves beer) but the menu is rubbish so we go back into town to explore more options.	1														
" the town is bustling and noisy though in a good way – from the LP description we’d expected a quiet backwater,"	0														
 The bustling and noise is because Orchha is a place of pilgrimage for Hindus – it has the only Temple in India where Ram is revered as a King (Ram Raja Temple).	1														
 The ground level view looks fine to us.	1														
" We thought that there may be some fun in the neighbourhood which is a pretty middle class area and it’s likely to be less problematic as Holi can get a bit chaotic in some places with oil colours,"	1														
" After a quiet breakfast,"	1														
"their makeshift """"shops"""" as well as beggar children who followed us around asking for money,"	0														
" This area was much more peaceful and contained impressive architecture dating back to the late 1500s when the Mughal emperor Akbar had it built,"	1														
" We could see that his eyes were half closed in the rear view mirror,"	1														
" Then we ordered breakfast and hit the town - the incredibly dusty and polluted town,"	0														
" a huge crowd of these students,"	0														
" Once I got situated and calmed down after feeling as if I were a caged zoo animal,"	0														
" Beggars and hungry children congregated at the old,"	1														
 and there is something spectacular about the stone buildings with their ever present rooftop wash lines.	1														
"Varanasi is littered with grimy,"	0														
" Silk shops are littered throughout the city,"	1														
" relaxed locals and at times confused foreigners,"	1														
 And there is little doubt from our reading that the Taj Mahal is a thing of beauty beyond belief.	1														
" much in the way a football crowd faces the moment of anticipation,"	1														
 This is without question the world's most beautiful building.	1														
" There are many beautiful buildings within the walls of the fort but the imposing arches of the courtyard of the Diwan-i-Aam,"	1														
 staring in quiet disbelief as the sun's warm glow finally fell across the dazzling white marble dome and minarets.	1														
 all towing excessive loads or carrying a dozen or two farmhands to the fields in trailers.	0														
" The streets are clean and Delhi's Metro is fast,"	1														
I don't think we have ever experienced such chaos as met us in the Old City's Chandni Chowk.	0														
 all in as many lanes as it takes to keep the traffic splashing in puddles and every last man fighting for supremacy.	1														
 At great risk to life and limb we crossed the road into the narrow trafficless streets and bazaars and into the noisy land of scintillating commerce.	1														
" the jostling crowds all looking and listening amongst the litter and glitter of jewels,"	0														
faiths may pray and meditate within the peaceful auditorium.	1														
 The Taj Mahal is simply the most beautiful building we have ever seen.	1														
 The morning dew was still on the grass and the mist rose on the banks of the river.	1														
" This incredibly beautiful palace was built in 1639 for a much loved wife of the Shah,"	1														
We were taken to Fatehpur Sikri another red fortress which was built by a King that wanted peace and harmony.	1														
 His bed was built on a huge platform and apart from his wives he had many opportunities with other beautiful ladies that were housed in the fort/palace.	1														
 which was a 5 min walk from the Taj Mahal and the hotel rooftop restaurant and incidentally our room had views of the Taj.	1														
 so beautiful so surreal!	1														
The next commissioned shop was in a jewelry store but neither of us was interested and even though the stones and jewels were beautiful we just weren´r interested enough and not completely sure they were authentic.	1														
 I noticed that there was a signed by the entrance that said that the area was 0% pollution free!	1														
 The Taj Mahal was a majestic piece of architecture widely thought of as the most beautiful building in the world.	1														
 It was absolutely the OST BEAUTIFUL MAJESTIC PLACE I HAVE EVER BEEN!	1														
 mosquito infested dump of a room.	0														
 we made the executive decision to move to a well-reviewed hotel with a rooftop view of the Taj Mahal in the tourist district.	1														
 but I was covered in mosquito bites at this point and simply couldn’t handle the filth.	1														
" since that’s supposed to be the best time to go in order to catch the sunrise and avoid the crowds (if only slightly),"	0														
 beautifully crafted structure from the inside and out and taking tons of pictures in the process.	1														
" high decibel mass chaos) and was literally surrounded on all sides by shops and stalls – so much so that we had to make an entire loop around it,"	1														
" The food was very good but extremely spicy…Scott and I were total champs and cleaned our plates,"	1														
 a mass protest had begun about pollution of the Yamuna River.	1														
 crowded and claustrophobic.	0														
" visit Agra Fort for a distant view of the Taj Mahal down by the Yamuna River,"	1														
 before taking in the sunset view of the Taj Mahal from across the river at Mehtab Bagh.	1														
 this is the best view of the monument - from across the Yamuna River as sunset approaches.	1														
Beautiful architecture and beautiful people!	1														
" in a quiet road within easy reach of the main sights by taxi or tuk tuk,"	1														
" this massive city was 'considerably larger than London and more populous' according to Ralph Fitch,"	0														
 the Emperor's capital without a future was beautifully built in the right place to govern an empire - but there wasn't enough water to sustain the Emperor or his thousands of subjects!	1														
 It was established primarily to protect critically-endangered small crocodiles called Gharials (Gavialis gangeticus) and it now supports the largest population of this creature in the wild.	1														
" he found us an array of spectacular and rare birds,"	1														
of noise involved when they returned after their night's feeding foray and emptied themselves onto my roof!	0														
" This one's a former farm with fields and arid scrub around it and the journey to or from the river sanctuary,"	1														
 markets and traffic could take three-quarters of an hour each way.	1														
" bare-footed worshippers and visitors alike had to step with care as many large bees littered the floor,"	0														
View of it from the other side of the river at sunset.	1														
View of it at sunrise when entering the monument.	1														
" Due to traffic jams,"	0														
" and they blow their horn to say: hello,"	0														
The front view of the monument with the garden in front of it.	1														
 We spent the rest of the evening just relaxing and had dinner at our hotel.	1														
The view of it from the rooftop terrace of our hotel.	1														
" There are so many traffic jams,"	0														
 People were protesting against the pollution of the Yamuna river.	1														
 from where the Taj Mahal was said to look particularly beautiful at sunset.	1														
 you also have a nice view of the Taj Mahal.	1														
 enjoying the view of the Taj Mahal and reading.	1														
 he drove as back to the train station on a main motorway and it was so polluted and we could hardly breath and got stuck in the evening traffic jam and just couldn't wait to leave Delhi.	1														
"view of the narrow muddy path with its crazy turns,"	0														
 cliffs and it was really scary drive and I was actually praying so we would survive without falling over the mountain cliff edge.	0														
 we already knew we loved this place with its high mountains and pretty landscape and wheat fields looking like paddy fields and we saw our first monkey on the way up.	1														
"When we reached a mountain village Sult Mahadev,"	1														
 The village was surrounded by high mountains and we still didn't know that it's not our final destination.	1														
" Actually not a walk but proper treck up the mountain and as we were walking,"	1														
" Indu pointed out on a few white houses on the top of the mountain and that was our final destination,"	1														
 the more amazing view was arising in front of us and you could feel the peace of this place.	1														
 On the top of the mountain and completely out of this world.	1														
 Had to take the crazy bus down the mountains again to much colder Ramnagar and quickly buy some new clothes as everything we had was filthy at this stage of our trip.	1														
" We were driving for ages and then we saw this noisy parade with lights,"	0														
 it didn't take long for the crowds to make a new circle around us.	0														
 The way I always imagined Taj Mahal is this huge huge beautiful building.	1														
 that we have pretty much pictures free of the usual crowds and got completely drenched.	1														
 we asked our driver and our guide to take us to a shop so we could buy something new and clean and mainly dry!	1														
 brick factories and mustard seed plants fields and it was getting warmer and sunny again.	0														
" It is noisy and crazy but not too much in comparison to Delhi or Mumbai,"	0														
 super crowded and it is pretty much impossible to find an accommodation and the prices are sometimes up to 10 times higher than usual.	1														
 Maybe it is just too busy now for a quiet mediation or maybe I am not ready for that yet.	1														
 So we are leaving the holy city a little bit earlier than we planned (just in two days) and we will try to reach some nice and quiet beaches near Kolkata to recover from all the madness and hopefully to celebrate Davy's birthday somewhere nice.	1														
 So we arrived in Delhi but only stayed a few hours as we were heading for Ramnagar up north in the mountains to meet our indian friend Indu who we know from back home.	1														
" as we got further up the mountains the roads became thinner so much that only one vehicle could fit but they made 2 fit,"	0														
 the edge of the road on 1 side was just looking straight up a cliff and the other side was looking down a shere drop off a mountain and of course we got the 2 front window seats.	1														
"The mountains were just amazing,"	1														
 our first in a temple and after that it was almost a 3 hour trek up to meet the rest of the family high in the mountain and to where we would stay for the next 4 or 5 days.	1														
" we were both relaxed and in a great state of mind after the mountains so why not go to a wedding,"	1														
" so after cleaning up the whiskey and a few photos with other important wedding officials it was back to the wedding itself and when i walked in everyone in the whole place was just starring at Simona ,"	1														
 we went and after getting inside the gates the heavens opened up and the rain was actually hurting is was coming down so hard and so fast it was almost like a river.	1														
" seen a tiny but gorgeous and ancient temple tucked away in the backstreets,"	1														
 We had absolutely crazy week with an absolute highlight of our trip in the mountains with Indu and with some down in other places.	1														
 We found our pick-up straight away with a minimum of hassle which took us straight to the right hotel and we were checked into a clean enough room in minutes.	1														
" Whilst skyping my mum an increasingly loud drumming noise approached,"	1														
 The chaos had begun.	0														
Varanasi is a city with the approximate population of Auckland whose people play out their daily lives for all to see on the ghats on the banks of the Ganges.	1														
 Varanasi made the traffic in Kathmandu look like a road safety video.	1														
 cars overtake into oncoming traffic or occasionally undertake on pavements.	0														
 The view from the boat wasn't really any better than the view from the ghats.	0														
his cell had a great view of his famous mausoleum across the road.	1														
 exactly as tall as wide and the size of external lettering gradually increased with height so to appear the same size when viewed from ground level.	1														
 It was a 5 min walk from the Taj Mahal and the hotel rooftop restaurant and incidentally our room had views of the Taj.	1														
 It's rather difficult to describe the interiors of the forts given the complexities of the history and the seeming chaoticness of the layout.	1														
 The Taj Mahal was a majestic piece of architecture widely thought of as the most beautiful building in the world.	1														
 After an aggressive negotioation with the entry guard and a 'guide' (Aneirin had to get his phone out to 'call the police' to get them to bug off) we managed to bribe our way up the public minaret which afforded us spectacular views of the city's vast canopy around us.	1														
 a near-constant orchestra of horns provides the entirely approproiate soundtrack to whichthe city pulses.	0														
" The junction from which the most noise eminated was in the process of playing out a traffic-planner's nightmare as the scarcely-followed rules of the world were totally abandonned in the pileup of tuktuks,"	0														
 and a crush ofhuman traffic filtering through.	0														
" We scampered onto the metro which happened to be at it's most jam-packed (rush hour) so after an incredibly sweaty journey we spilled out to our departure station,"	0														
" On reaching the river bank of the most polluted river in the world,"	1														
 plus many traffic police.	1														
" beggar children,"	0														
 chaotic and crowded.	0														
 Inside I found a somewhat quiet section and used it to take a break from the crowds and to get a better view of the scope.	1														
Once back I relaxed for a bit before finding a rare sit-down restaurant and had some pasta.	1														
Varanasi greeted us with horns blaring and people absolutely everywhere.	1														
 As the mists clear in the morning an empty sand bank appears across the other side of the epic river.	1														
" Another train ride jam packed with burps (nearly into my mouth),"	0														
beautiful but most people only really seemed to care about taking the typical 'pinching the spire on tiptoe' photos.	0														
"Beautiful views from Shaniya Palace Hotel,"	1														
 the centre of Delhi doesn’t look quite as chaotic as it was when we were here a couple of months ago.	1														
" Not sure much has changed – maybe we have just got more accustomed to the chaos and it all appears normal,"	1														
 beauty and presence of what it looked like even 15 years ago when we came here last and definitely not a patch on what it was when M saw it as a boy.	1														
 The sad fact is that poor management of local tourists have caused the demise of what was once a beautiful sight – even with all the “security” around Indian visitors were trampling all over the site venturing into forbidden areas.	1														
 clean and have good shops and facilities – part of the new modern India.	1														
 It has a great location and an awesome vibe; feels like a really relaxed travellers pad.	1														
 There is a Roof top restaurant with great views down the river – or is it up?	1														
(Travellers tip: Beware the guys who claim to be from the local Hospice and try and get friendly with local information or offer to take you to a close spot where you can take pictures or get a better view – all they are after is your money.	1														
"We have an early start to take a Sunrise boat ride – it’s cold and misty but we get a beautiful sunrise,"	1														
 and lovely alternative views of the ghats.	1														
rooms – as its two interconnected rooms - have great views of the Taj.	1														
The roof top view is awesome and given that we are literally next to the Oberoi hotel which probably costs 100 times more per day we have picked a good one here.	1														
 On the drive we encounter a strike rally which causes total chaos with the traffic.	0														
 layout and craftsmanship are beautiful and magnificent.	1														
 We decide against the sunrise slot as the cold weather brings on a very heavy mist which doesn’t clear till about 8.	1														
"We cannot but marvel at the Traffic system in the country for its ability to keep going against the odds – cycles,"	1														
 It’s chaotic but it seems to work – even when people drive down the wrong side of the road.	0														
 It’s amazing that road rage isn’t prominent or the population of the country would reduce pretty rapidly.	1														
 There are some lovely views of the Taj in the distance which make great photo opportunities.	1														
The sunset doesn’t seem too good and we are not sure where we could get a good view of this over the Taj so we head “home” to the Taj Plaza for a night in as we have to get up at 3.	1														
" Beautiful clear morning,"	1														
 although his description of it being ‘beautiful and white’ slightly under-sells the visit!	1														
 The exterior is austere and overpowering compared to the simplicity and pure colour of the Taj but inside the fort holds great beauty and intricate design.	1														
 designed so the Emperors could sit during the warm summer months near to the water and the amazing views of the Taj from the royal balconies.	1														
 We all had time alone as the beauty of the sun setting silenced the moment.	1														
 through the very busy traffic of Agra.	0														
 Jerry and Joe had gone off to have some quiet time so it was a real mother daughter moment sitting with another mother who had a big heart.	1														
 The prodigious use of the horn and flashing lights (nobody dips headlights; always on full beam) would get you beaten up in UK.	0														
 with little crowd and much better ambiance.	1														
Beat the noise today by waking up at 5AM and getting picked up by my driver (who only speaks broken English) at 6AM to avoid the Delhi morning traffic.	1														
 Dit bestond uit geroosterd brood met jam en een stapeltje biscuits en een paar hard gekookte eieren.	0														
 As much as I am enjoying the adventure I am also thoroughly missing my hills and mountains back home.	1														
 Only Rs250 per night for both of us (about $6 NZ) but having some sort of party and shouting kick off at 9pm and go till midnight while being eaten alive by sandflies and mosquitos AND having mild food poisoning was one I would rather just forget than 'put down to experience'.	1														
 Crossing into the lane of on-coming traffic to avoid the floats with the gods on them (Haviva says that was the moment she realized she wasn't in the US anymore).	1														
" A nerve-wracking walk through crowded streets,"	0														
 partially because a whole crowd of people came down to the river carrying a body of a holy man.	0														
 but then the rest of us got caught in another god effigy float traffic jam.	1														
" ze nas odveze do """"very cheap and beautiful hotel""""."	1														
" You can tell people just how great and beautiful a place is and even show them pictures,"	1														
 in that they had some really nice views from atop the local hills.	1														
 Crowded shops selling everything imaginable and garbage everywhere.	1														
 people and general chaos of the town.	0														
 beggars and early risers to find a hostel.	0														
 but he was easily cleaned up when we got to our room and then we had a few hours sleep before going out to explore the city in the daylight.	1														
 The only slightly awkward aspect was the method of rubbish disposal.	0														
 It's just the done thing rather than letting rubbish clog up the train.	0														
" but we justified it that if we'd have kept our rubbish on the train,"	0														
" we checked into a cheap room which had roof top views of the Taj Mahal,"	1														
 we got up at sunrise the next day to go and see the Taj Mahal and try to beat the crowds arriving on tours.	1														
" but fortunately he managed to contain his outrage and kept quiet whilst Chris,"	1														
 its horn cried out a lamentable and unceasing whee-o-whee-o-whee-o.	0														
Varanasi where we had planned a peaceful boat ride on the Ganges.	0														
" loads of horn blowing,"	0														
 You could see everything in the mist of the flames.	1														
" The morning a relaxed one and the afternoon we went on the search for Aghori men,"	1														
 a big open space with trees and a lake and lacking the noise of the city and horns.	1														
 incredibly peaceful paradise of rice paddies and lotus ponds.	1														
 I’d relax in a corner under a fan and devour various books on Buddhism.	1														
" Old farmers plow the fields with a team of buffalo,"	1														
 the crowd would erupt into a mixture of applause and whooping.	1														
 We were going to experience the Taj at both sunrise and sunset to see its beauty from both angles.	1														
 I navigated around the building and ended up on the roof where the view was magical.	1														
 a bit more modest but a very lovely area to spend a quiet hour or so.	1														
 The garden is very peaceful with a large water basin in the middle.	1														
 the palace was pretty clean so being all philosophical just might work.	1														
 It’s moderately clean but the openings in the wall for the fan and under the door have allowed a few critters to get in.	0														
 nothing apart from the occasional mosquitoes (Splat!	0														
 The boxes ended up in the hands of beggars who used them as rupee collectors.	0														
" There were beggars on each step,"	0														
 There weren’t many beggars either.	1														
 trees and great views on the city and the river.	1														
"I had spent the night in a clean room,"	1														
 They needed to clean my first one and prepare the second one.	0														
 A small crowd gathered around me for the negotiations.	0														
 the traffic disappeared and the final kilometers took us through tree-lined avenues that were both calmer and cleaner.	1														
" The view from the top was great as sunset was approaching and boats were gathering to the Dasashwamedh Ghat for the Ganga Aarti (been there,"	1														
I looked for the Brown Bread Bakery for some solace as it was supposed to be a very clean and welcoming place for tourists away from the hustle and bustle of the streets.	1														
 crowded boats and looking out from windows.	0														
 I decided to cut short the ceremony like most of the crowd and headed back up the ghat.	0														
 The crowd was very dense and I couldn’t work myself a way through it until a cow came out of nowhere and pushed people out of its way.	0														
I have been quiet yesterday because I was not in the mood to get out of the hotel.	0														
After my last entry I had dinner on a tree top (I’m not kidding) with a nice view of the temples of Khajuraho and went to bed watching Wanted on Star Movies (That’s the only channel along with National Geographic that is in English).	1														
 I upgraded my usual hotel choice and took a nice shower in a clean bathroom.	1														
" it got crowded with pilgrims,"	0														
 handicapped beggars hoping for some spiritual spirit and souvenir stalls selling crap and bottles to bring some holy water home.	0														
" I walked around the beautifully kept gardens,"	1														
" When too big a crowd gathered around me,"	0														
"Beautiful monument and great at sunset,"	1														
 Non-polluting vehicles have been introduced around the site to avoid pollution and preserved the Taj.	1														
 To be truthful visiting the Taj Mahal felt more like a chore than a real desire - until we encountered the beauty of this wonderous complex.	1														
 for some reason all the lights in my room cannot be turned off simultaneously and a power outage at 3:30 caused the noisy fan to stop turning.	0														
 Right before a busload of Chinese tourists came crowding the queuing area.	0														
 enjoying the views and making videos.	1														
 There's a strong population of Muslims in this part of the country and I don't want to take my chances.	1														
 The red stone and white marble structure is both peaceful and monumental.	1														
 It's also very peaceful and well-preserved.	1														
 Kudos to New Delhi for having a clean and efficient international terminal.	1														
 Midnight traffic in Delhi is quite fluid.	0														
 quiet and safe neighborhood.	1														
" They have a quiet courtyard with a decent restaurant (Lower your expectations,"	1														
 And decided to go find a quiet place to eat: had curry paneer at a roof top restaurant which was neither on the roof of the building nor on the top.	1														
 The Fort itself is beautiful and you can sense the grandeur of its heyday.	1														
" The inside is gorgeous and peaceful and is definitely worth the """"shoes-off"""" visit."	1														
" Our walk down the road to the nearest point that vehicles can get to the Taj (it got discoloured by pollution so they had to clean it with some ancient recipie,"	1														
 now polluting vehicles aren't allowed within a couple of hundred metres) was really enjoyable.	1														
The crowds were not bad at all and as we entered we got a full panoramic view of the ghostly building.	1														
 Initially the light was not that strong making photos difficult as it is looks like an appartition but we took our time to take this initial view in and appreciate the scale of the place.	0														
" There are some really neat things about it's construction aside from its incredible beauty - the text that runs up to frame the door way does not look smaller the further away it is from you,"	0														
 Aside from the classic shots across the gardens we were really interested in some other views and the details of the architecture.	1														
 After taking off we weaved our way throught he mountains until safely above them where we got tantalising glances of the snow capped peaks below through the clouds.	1														
 It is a different perspective driving through the chaos in a car and we are not that is entirely comfortable observing people eeking out a living behind a sheet of glass.	1														
 We had some kids persistantly beg with faces pressed against the car window as we were stuck in traffic for what seemed like eternity and our 'helpful' driver tells us things we already know because of course he wants a tip at the end.	1														
" Set in gorgeous grounds,"	1														
" The hour long hindu performance was watched by a huge crowd of Indians,"	1														
 with concurrent swarms of tourists on the boats for a view from the water.	0														
"pollution levels in the river are dangerously high,"	1														
" because the ganga is the most heavily populated river in the world,"	0														
"Leaving the calm state of Sikkim was not done lightly and as we sit here sweating in the streets of Varanasi as a cow waltzes past shit trailing in its wake,"	1														
" along steep mountain roads and flooded paths we eventually arrived at New Jailapurgi Junction to catch a train to Mughal Sarai,"	1														
" We are currently staying in Monalisa Peace Cottage which even comes with resident monkeys and night time singing,"	1														
" we carried on past the staring men and groups of women mourning under colourful shades and partially flooded temples towards Scandia Guest House where we could get a better view of pilgrims washing,"	1														
 Climbing up to the guest houses' patio Olivia said: 'I bet you anything if this place is in teh Lonely Planet it will say 'lovely view' in teh description!	1														
 and finaly a gorgeous cold coffee with ice-cream.	1														
" That somehow the chaotic cities I have experienced,"	0														
" the overwhelming noise and smells,"	0														
" but have been to many chaotic places such as Bangkok,"	0														
 but throw away litter with such careless abandon.	0														
" taxis and rickshaws who use the horn as though a conduit,"	0														
" although I think the best views were from outside or even above,"	0														
 The view from the 40metre high minarets afforded a good look out across this massive sprawling city.	1														
 or show you a better view or try to tell you a fact on a temple and ask for a 'donation'.	0														
" It took a long time afterwards to calm down and return to normal,"	0														
" Alka hotel is recommended for the amazing views from the balcony and decent price,"	1														
 which make up a mountain like rooftop scene.	1														
 but it was an interesting visit and a nice alternative to the pollution filled cities as it was very green and lush surroundings.	1														
I think the view would almost compensate for being locked up.	0														
" It is just beautifully designed,"	1														
" it sits on a raised platform meaning you can view it from afar and backs wondrously against the sky,"	0														
" It also sits amid beautiful gardens,"	1														
" and after that it is north into the mountains for a bit of Dalai Lama,"	1														
 stunning views and maybe a trek.	1														
 This hotel has a rooftop restaurant with a superb view of the Taj Mahal.	1														
 It was fortunate that I had taken a photo of this view yesterday as this morning it was very hazy and the Taj was almost lost in the mist.	1														
 The Taj Mahal is considered to be the most beautiful building in the world and I for one could not disagree.	1														
 Eventually we set off and the traffic was already starting to build up.	1														
 It was utter chaos - everywhere.	0														
 By the time we made it through the evening traffic in Delhi it had been a 6 hour journey.	0														
 We decided to walk it off and take a nice relaxing walk back to our hotel.	1														
 a beautiful symmetrical architectural feat with intricate detail throughout.	1														
" Diary Entry;""""It is a truely amazing building and I wish we had more time to just sit and absorb the beauty and observe the changing colours - """" A teardrop on the cheek of eternity""""( Rabindranath Tagore)."	1														
 Our driver for the Golden Triangle tour was a beautiful Hindu man named Sanjeev.	1														
 beautiful craftmenship!	1														
 We travelled on and came across a traffic jam in the middle of a town.	0														
 little did we know it would poss beat the rubbish dump in Turkey to the title of THE worst!	0														
" The candles were beautiful in their petal laden baskets,"	1														
of decaying rubbish and poop (politest way of putting it!	0														
the noises and the majority of the smells outside.	0														
 Simply and beautifully carved and embellished.	1														
true wonder of the world… but give me the mountains any day!	1														
 the breathtaking view of Tajmahal building made up of white stone (Sangmarmar).	1														
 green and the people trying to make it clean by putting waste in wastebin.	1														
 The place was crowded like some fest.	0														
 The train itself was not fancy or overly comfortable but we had a place to sit and a window to enjoy the views that passed by.	1														
" refilled and resold as """"clean"""" water."	1														
" Viewing India as a passenger is an overload to the senses,"	0														
" He zipped in and out of the traffic of Agra,"	0														
 but sadly you really shouldn't give money to children beggars in the streets because that money more than likely will not be going towards the child.	0														
 A beautiful building made in the name of love.	1														
" the constant noise of horns,"	0														
" most probably due to being clean and more westernised than any other place of interest,"	0														
"After having enjoyed the peacefulness and the cooling wind of the Himalayas,"	1														
 the place would be alot more spectacular inside with the right lighting.	1														
"It is the focus of a religious geography that stretches from Kashmir in the Himalayan mountains to India's southern tip at Kanniyakumari,"	1														
 From the boat we had a much better view of the ghats which line the west bank.	1														
 There was a group of young girls practising yoga and several people meditating among the piles of rubbish on the terraces.	1														
 Its magic was not spoiled by the crowds of tourists.	1														
 Sachin pointed out the beautiful inlaid marble on the facade and showed us the different semi precious stones used to create the different colours.	0														
 It has two tanks with fountains connected by a canal and a waterfall which are designed to keep the building cool in the summer.	1														
 We both felt that this day had far surpassed our expectations and that the only way to do the beauty of the Taj Mahal justice is to go and see it in person.	1														
 Next to the tracks were lines of hoses that are used to clean the trains' toilets when they arrive at the platform.	1														
 The litter was appalling.	0														
" This neck-cricking entrance to the mosque is spectacular and is reached by a huge,"	1														
 As we approach the traffic is appalling and it takes us 35 minutes to get round 1 corner.	0														
After a freshen up we all go to the rooftop restaurant and have a beer and a look at the view of the Taj and of course take a few photo’s.	1														
" jockeying for a spot where they will have a good view of the 7 Brahmin priests making the offering of incense,"	0														
" People mill about the crowd: children selling souvenirs to the tourists; priests blessing people and marking their foreheads with a dot on the third eye to remind them of the connection between their spiritual self and their body; and of course as is the case everywhere in India,"	1														
 Both the “tourist beggars” who aggressively attempt to bully tourists into giving donations and “real beggars” who sit at the edge of the crowd holding their bowl out and patiently awaiting kindness to be bestowed upon them.	1														
 Where I see polluted water that we have been emphatically warned not to swim in they see the opportunity to cleanse themselves with the sacred.	0														
 ended up Litterally having to grab onto to our wheely backpacks while explaining to the man that to wheel a bag is no trouble and we can manage on our own.	0														
 1 English tv channel and sort of clean but with a bad smell which we worked out seems to be the smell of Agra.	0														
"We eat on the rooftop of a place which claimed to have a good view of the Taj,"	1														
 it wasn’t a great view but the huge veg thali hit the spot.	0														
" but even with the noise right outside our door,"	0														
 It’s a love story – one grief-stricken man’s way of commemorating the death of his beautiful wife.	1														
 poverty/wealth - filth/spotless - drab/colorful - quiet/loud - caring/ruthless.	0														
Our first experience with Delhi traffic was an eye opening experience and you instantly knew you never wanted to drive any motorized vehicle in this country.	0														
 The best part of the ride apart from the spectacular view of the valley was the respite it allowed us from the ever present street hawkers selling us every imaginable kind of trinket as a souvenir of our visit.	1														
 We spent the next morning at the Taj and I believe it to be one of the most beautiful stone buildings I have ever seen.	1														
 every imaginable form of traffic the scariest which are the local full size busses that travel fast with very loud horns and 2 people to every seat.	0														
 One foot of space to miss the opposing traffic or pedestrian is more than adequate.	0														
 In route we visited the ancient ruins of the Maharajah palace in Ochara which while beautiful but was in need of restoration but the local village people were interesting and gave us another insight to life in India.	1														
" It is a beautiful and repulsive sight all at the same time,"	1														
 We were successful and at the top were rewarded with our first great views of the Himalayas and of course tea.	1														
 a one hour flight to view the Himalaya mountain range and Mt.	1														
 You just don’t get tired of viewing the mountains and it was spectacular.	1														
 Though Ankgor Wat was stunning its structural beauty was less impacting than I imagined it would be.	1														
 the Taj Mahal attracts much artistic attention and it has been described so beautifully so many times before.	1														
beautiful prose.	1														
Both Chris and I were thankful that the train ride was comparatively peaceful and blissfully uneventful.	1														
" Fields of waist high shrubs bearing sunshine yellow flowers camouflaged women at their work,"	1														
 Thankfully the hotel we had chosen was liveable and we were delighted to find a beautiful rooftop garden awaiting us from which views of the Taj Mahal could not be surpassed.	1														
" We realised that we had become spectators to a private viewing of a Disney classic,"	1														
"The mosque itself was beautiful; an aesthetic delight,"	1														
 This hollow room is shared also by pigeons and filled less than peacefully during daytime hours by ephemeral observers.	1														
 Of course it has its romantic story; being built for a dead wife by a husband who was later imprisoned by his own son and was thus only able to view it from his distant prison cell.	1														
"The Taj is beautiful and the idea of it is especially romantic but that does not necessarily mean that love is in the air,"	1														
" This entailed a steep three hour descent by jeep down the mountains of Darjeeling to NJP train station,"	1														
 ear cleaning (for some reason they are surprised we don’t want them rooting down our ear canal with a stick that’s well acquainted with some other folk’s lug hole) and relentless begging.	1														
 Now as we sat waiting we were given little warning as a beggar woman stood before us peeing down her legs and skirt.	1														
 noise and smells made for a very uncomfortable night.	0														
Crawling from one station to another just to wait for an hour before shuffling along again we were presented ample viewing time at the window.	1														
 The old town is a maze of shade-cooled alleyways which can be tricky to pass on account of them being so narrow and foot traffic so dense.	1														
" Some are preposterous in size and sharply horned which makes meeting them,"	0														
 where the food was clean and reliable (for my sake) and the view along the whole length of the ghats insurmountable.	1														
" das der Ashram empfohlen hat (""""makes easy find peace and good places"""")."	1														
" the Ganges is very polluted but people still bath in it,"	1														
30am due to the horrible traffic congestion we headed straight to the airport arriving around 2pm while the others who were staying another week went into town to shop and have dinner.	0														
" The airport is modern and has clean toilets,"	1														
" after nearly four hours of chaotic drivers,"	0														
" It was a stunning compound which included beautiful gardens,"	1														
"The hotel was our next port of call Jitu suggesting one that was average but clean enough,"	1														
" they bragged of the great views of the Taj Mahal from the roof so I went up to have a look and was attacked by a couple of Rhesus Monkeys,"	1														
"like ants and remember how much crowds can irritate,"	0														
 The interior is also intricately carved but it was also unpleasantly crowded and hot and I was keen to see the Cenotaph of Mumtaz and Shah Jahan and get out into the “fresh” air.	1														
" The beautifully carved buildings and the stunning views of the river and the Tah Mahal in the distance were also a wonderful surprise,"	1														
 for over an hour we wandered through a stunning maze of beautiful buildings.	0														
 beautiful crowned palace.	0														
" Beautiful floral designs made up of 100 semi precious stones inlaid into the white marble,"	1														
 also interesting) but nowhere near the beauty and majesty of the Taj itself.	1														
 that and cleaning our teeth with Coca-Cola and biscuits for toothpaste.	0														
 It was an awesome sight and every bit as beautiful as we had imagined.	1														
 from which there was an amazing view of the back of the Taj at sunset.	1														
 we had planned a relaxing evening before catching our 13 hour night train to Varanasi.	0														
 our peaceful sleep was disturbed by a very loud American tourist demanding to know from us when we would arrive.	0														
 especially given the fact that the river is incredibly polluted and in some places septic.	0														
" most of our time in Varanasi was spent relaxing and hiding away from the frenzy of India in a lovely cafe,"	1														
"To view this content,"	0														
 with a beautiful view of the Taj Mahal from our hotel window.	1														
 He also took us up a mountain to a cave which is again where Buddha stayed for 6 years and is also a place of pilgimage and worship.	1														
" traffic is chaotic,"	0														
 just as spectacular as I remembered.	1														
" and I was overwhelmed with the beauty and truly spectacular feeling that is the Taj Mahal,"	1														
" please know that it is because you are all reading it that I keep writing and it warms my heart to know that I can share little bits and pieces and small insights into this beautiful country,"	1														
 the use of the horn is entirely different too.	0														
" I reckon our driver must have blown his horn say once every 15 seconds for the whole journey,"	0														
The blowing of the horn has many different meanings in India.	1														
 My horn sounds like this.	0														
 Does your horn sound like this ?	0														
" I haven't heard my horn for a few seconds,"	1														
b) Blare horn to make a gap.	0														
a) Blare your horn maintaining your current course of direction and speed.	1														
 The Hindus believe if they have their funeral here it is a direct road to Heaven and all followers must make a pilgrimage once in their life to dip in the Ganges River.	1														
"witnessed a woman carried down the stairs on a bamboo stretcher covered of course in beautiful fabrics,"	1														
"To view this content,"	0														
" There's a beautiful Buddhist temple here,"	1														
"The site itself was very peaceful (despite the Buddhist tractor and the Buddhist naughty boys) and we took some time to reflect and watch the world go round (or rather,"	1														
streets very quiet so even more dangerous as vehicles shot across junctions in the mad belief they were alone on the road.	0														
 rues très calmes donc encore plus dangereux comme véhicules tirer à travers de jonctions dans la croyance folle ils étaient seuls sur la route.	1														
"The streets were lined with the touristy shops and the common chaos you would normally find on the Indian streets,"	1														
 It was setback from the street and had a very relaxing atmosphere.	1														
 It was a beautiful setting which is supposedly the most photographed building in the world.	1														
"To view this content,"	0														
 Rubbish strewn along the sides of the road.	0														
 I watch TV and gain some peace from the hectic streets of Delhi.	0														
 It's icy cold this morning and the streets of Delhi have a thick freezing mist hanging over the ground.	1														
"To view this content,"	0														
We ate some lunch and relaxed for an hour before heading to the Keoladeo National Park.	1														
" It was the most peaceful and natural place we have experienced in India (away from the hustle/bustle,"	1														
Pete's point of view-This happened to be our nicest hotel of the trip which has a very nice garden courtyard.	1														
" After a 30h train ride through India (which was comfortable and relaxing for the first 25 hours and just plain boring for the remaining 5h) - but overall,"	1														
" guys on mopeds honking their brains out,"	0														
First off we left the chilly heights of the mountains and made our way back to Delhi.	0														
" The best part about it was that it hadn't been cleaned from the previous occupant,"	0														
 I close the door and relax for a while but cant sleep as the rest of India is awake and noisy.	1														
" It's noisy out on the streets,"	0														
 it's noisy upstairs where they are doing building work on the roof and it's noisy out in the corridor where other guests have stirred and ventured out in search of breakfast.	1														
 expecting to be grabbed and harassed at every turn but I find the place to be very peaceful with few people at all.	0														
" I have a beautiful wife,"	1														
" Hundreds of beautifully vibrant,"	1														
" I wonder if it ever occurred to them that laying freshly cleaned clothes out on a dusty road is counterproductive,"	0														
 I had an hour and a half in the fort which was a fascinating place with wonderful views over to the Taj Mahal.	1														
 I decided to abandon lunch and instead photographed some Muslim men in brilliant white full length tunics who stood out beautifully against the red brick of the fort.	1														
 Once again the grounds are clean and well kept.	1														
 The backdrop of the restaurant was a beautiful Nepalese style temple complete with a dozen or so cows and bulls plus monkeys clambering above.	1														
 This time I caught the end and so with the two nights viewing I manage to see the whole thing.	0														
 No photos are allowed here but we steal one or two of the architecture as it is so beautiful and so very ancient looking.	1														
The Ganges is beautiful at this time of the morning.	1														
 It's eerie but incredibly peaceful and calm.	1														
 There is a heavy mist that has been sitting over Varanasi for as long as I've been here.	1														
The children oblivious to the chaos around them.	0														
" Hundereds of people are crowded round to see the bodies,"	1														
A short visit to a silk factory (bit of a busman's holiday for me) ends in a hard sales pitch from the owner who shows us some beautiful wall hangings.	0														
 Not much reassurance at all really when you see what they put in the Ganges and knowing how famous the Indians aren't for having clean water?	1														
" Hundreds of people come to see the ceremony which is a beautiful display of dance,"	1														
We ate tonight at the Lotus on the water front which was great and I can recommend it strongly as a safe place to eat with good food and a great view over the Ganges.	1														
Breakfast at the Anjali Inn was omelette and toast with beautifully spiced Chai.	1														
 the murmur of Indian voices and the quiet bellowing of some Indian music playing on another passengers phone.	0														
 There are open doors that allow you a view into nothing but complete darkness beyond and miniature temples decorated with plastic figurines of chosen gods.	1														
" I clamber up mountainous stairs and my guide,"	0														
" other times they are cleaning your room,"	1														
 The rooftop allows views over much of the old town of Varanasi and even down to the Ganges but the mist does not allow for a view to the other side.	1														
 This one has been called the most beautiful building in the world.	1														
 scenic drive.	1														
" It is a stop and go situation on bumpy roads that wind through streets lined with stark views of poverty,"	1														
 There are no fancy rest areas or beautiful vistas.	1														
" first viewed through an archway,"	0														
 the most beautiful thing in the world.	1														
As soon as I was landing in the plane and saw the vast landscape of mountains I wished I'd booked more time here!	1														
 it's so peaceful and I doze off for a moment - what a perfect afternoon.	1														
 Got an auto-rickshaw to our guest house – Sahi River View Guest House.	1														
 I don't know enough about Hinduism to totally understand but I do know that to be die means you will past directly to heaven – no need to be re-born and keep trying to get there.	1														
 It looked very worn and it was not very clean so we decided to head back to our guest house and eat there.	1														
 The beggars are a big more persistent but we have seen worse.	0														
relaxing until it is time to go eat again!	1														
" That afternoon we attempted to go shopping at a bazaar but the constant fear of being hit by a car and the deafening horns were so intense that we gave up and instead visited Agra Fort,"	0														
" It had beautiful dark corridors,"	0														
 and stunning views of the Taj across the plains.	1														
 The tale of Pushkar is so beautiful that it would be a sin not to share.	1														
 On our first day we were lured in by it’s calm waters and decided to go closer to investigate.	1														
"This is the interesting part of the Ghats and there is even a viewing platform where you can watch all the burnings taking place,"	1														
