" The road from Udupi runs right through this forest,"	1
" There was some traffic because only part of the road was being resurfaced,"	0
 At one point a forest guard on a motorbike stopped to say I needed a permit and guide in the forest but if I was just on the road then that was fine.	0
 This is about two kilometres along the road through the forest.	1
 which is a concrete viewing platform sticking out from the road over the downward slope of the mountain.	1
The road from this point turned into a series of hairpin bends.	0
 So the road was closed just for the top 7km to be resurfaced.	0
 Just about everyone who passed on a motorbike or who was working on the road wanted a photo with me.	1
" It turned out that the roadworks may have been keeping them away but for a different reason than noise or smell - with the road mostly not being used,"	0
" I just needed to go down """"six bends"""" on the road and the macaques were """"always there""""."	1
 Normally this month is busy for him but with the Udupi road closed there was almost nobody coming to the area.	1
 Down the road we went (many more bends than six!	0
 The lion-tailed macaques came galloping out onto the road but mostly missed out.	1
" and it also makes a handy stop to break up the journey northwards (or southwards,"	1
 He looked it over and said I would be better off getting the train from Kannur to Mangalore because this would take only half the time of the buses for that leg.	1
" I wasn't sure this would be an option because of the way the train system in India works - or at least how I thought it worked based on everything I had been reading before going to India - but I decided that when I got to Kannur I would hit the train station first to see if it was possible,"	0
" the train system in India is not,"	0
" on the official government train site,"	1
" To book your train tickets you first need to register with the site,"	0
" The only ways to get tickets last-minute is with what they called Taktal where a small number of seats on each train are held off-line and released the day before travel,"	0
 but these sell out within a few minutes; and for tourists there are a limited number of seats reserved specifically for them (the Tourist Quota) but only on the main routes and you can only buy these in person after much paperwork at the main train stations.	0
" All I knew in the converse was that when I was in Assam in 2014 I had bought a train ticket at the station,"	1
 So I wasn't holding out hope that I would be able to get a train from Kunnar to Mangalore.	0
" I took a short tuktuk ride to the train station and bought a ticket for the 10am train,"	1
The train got into Mangalore Central Station at just after 1pm (so just under 2.	1
 he said the road was under repair so there were no buses or any other form of transport on the Udupi to Agumbe route.	0
" There I was informed that there was no bus to Agumbe because of the road repairs,"	0
" I'd rather just go now and only have a half-hour journey from Thirtalli to Agumbe the next morning,"	0
30pm - buses are obviously more punctual than trains in India!	1
 The roads were rough and winding along our drive and every village had speed bumps so it was difficult to move at a very fast speed.	0
" But whenever I expressed my plan for a pleasure road trip to Kolkata and back driving my own car,"	0
 I left my search for ticket further and decided to prepare for a road drive.	1
 City was in deep sleep with virtually empty road except vehicles carrying IT/Call centre employees.	1
was third tollgate at around 110 Kms and six lane highway from Bangalore ended here.	0
 This narrow road stretching nearly 60 Kms was popular amongst the goods and vehicles carrying trucks.	1
 I took left turn to take the road towards Tirupati.	1
 Road condition was fine although occasionally crowded.	1
 Road condition was excellent upto Nellore and it was a pleasure to drive.	1
 Road diversions started near Nellore and it continued in various places thereafter.	1
 I could notice significant water accumulations in the fields both sides of the highway signifying heavy rainfall occurred few days back.	0
Continuous effortless driving for a long period in a well built highway had the disadvantage of creating monotony in absence of any excitement.	0
 At the city outskirts both sides of the highway were decorated with well maintained gardens.	1
Road condition deteriorated after Vijayawada and continued almost upto Rajahmundry.	0
 However after Tuni it was concrete road in various places.	1
 I travelled thru national highways of many other parts of South India in Tamil Nadu and Karnataka many times.	1
 Highway truly smiled and became shining with black color when rain pours on it.	1
" Although this two-lane highway (and subsequently SH 38) reduced the distance and entering Vizag city could be avoided,"	0
 driving this road was extremely painful and time consuming.	0
 Moreover this road was selected by all goods carrying vehicles to make short-cut.	1
 In fact this was presumably the most difficult part of my entire journey from Bangalore to Kolkata and back.	0
 The entire journey of around sixty kilometres took nearly one and half hours.	1
Rest of the journey was smooth and without any incident.	1
 It guides the driver to select and follow the road at night even with high speed.	1
 Distance of Gopalpur was around 15 Kms from the Highway on the right.	1
 Today my plan was to complete my onward journey upto Kolkata (around 730 Kms from Gopalpur).	1
 Virtually my entire journey today would be thru NH 16.	1
 beauty of NH enhanced much more after a rain and the dry road got a new life.	1
 Onward road was separated at one place and went uphill towards the top before coming down after a distance once again to meet its counterpart.	1
 Two goods trains were crossing each other from the opposite track and looked like match boxes.	1
In my eighteen years of stay in Bangalore I traveled this place by train innumerable times.	1
" But whenever train was moving slowly thru chilka,"	0
 This used to happen even if the train used to run here at night.	0
 Viewing the mystic chilka at night during moonlight from the running train was a heavenly sight and was one of my cherished memories I would never forget.	1
 Usually the train used to move at medium speed here and I would get at least fifteen minutes to get a good view.	1
Condition of road deteriorated after Bhubaneswar.	0
 sometimes going thru the opposite road and thru sideways in many places.	0
"A dangerous feature of this journey was the movement of vehicles like cycles,"	0
 tractors even cars coming from the opposite direction but in the same leg of the highway where I was driving.	0
 Road condition drastically improved thereafter and almost smooth upto Jaleswar (1740 Km) at Orissa-Bengal border (5.	1
I stopped my car before the border since the onward road was blocked by innumerable number of trucks and there was no passage to move forward.	0
 took opposite side of the highway from a distance and crossed the border easily.	1
One important lesson of this journey was to feel the difficulties experienced by these drivers carrying goods inter-state.	0
 There were comparatively less no of vehicles on the road and of course no goods carrying vehicle (due to ban on entry in the inter-state border).	1
 Moreover the road condition was exceedingly good and it was a comfortable drive.	1
 entire road was almost taken over by people walking and almost every body looked to be in cheerful mood.	1
 There was heavy police posting throughout my journey and good traffic management could be noticed everywhere.	1
 we selected a narrow short cut road further left driving few kilometres thru the Ring Road and could reach NH 212 easily (almost opposite to Mysore airport).	1
Road to Nanjanagudu was not easy to drive since road broadening work was going on in various places to make it a four lane Highway.	0
" The road to Kerala proceeded on the right from here,"	1
 whereas Mysore-Ooty Highway progressed straight thru the Bandipur and Madhmalai Forests respectively to Ooty.	1
Proceeding further the road was divided into two.	1
 That road ultimately reached to Ooty.	1
"in that road even after nightfall with beamer light,"	1
 Following the same route of our onward journey we returned back to Bangalore at around 5 PM.	1
 it was risky to travel the road during night.	0
 I made another mistake of going thru KR Market - Mysore Road Flyover.	0
" This portion of the road was not OK,"	0
 we finally reached Mysore-Medikari Road (NH 275) which proceeded towards Hunsur.	1
 School going children was seen on the road strolling merrily in groups ignoring the rain as well as our car.	0
 Hereafter the entire journey was through the dense forest.	1
 Sound of the friction of wheels in the wet road was clearly audible.	1
" There were number of caution boards throughout the road - not to stop the car,"	1
 The road climbed higher thru the forest with twists and turns.	1
 The road from Nagarhole meets the Tholpetty-Coorg Road at the Bus stand.	1
 For visiting Irupu Falls we had to go further from the Manchalli Bust stop (crossing point between nagarhole Highway and Tholpetty-Coorg Highway).	1
Feeling hungry we began our journey back to the Guest House.	1
 On the way we noticed a road inside the forest area indicating Farmadi Checkpost.	1
 We selected that road to proceed further.	1
 A wild cat crossed the road in a fraction of a second.	0
 Our drive was thru Coorg-Tholpetty Road which met Nagarhole road.	1
 Almost the entire journey was thru forest areas with occasional habitats in between.	1
market was noticed immediately after a road crossing.	1
We had to take SH 33 from here to reach the Outer Ring Road of Mysore.	1
" We reached the Mysore-Bangalore Highway at around 3 PM and stopped at Fishland restaurant for lunch with Fish Curry,"	1
 it was very risky to travel the road during night.	0
 The journey to Whitefield that had caused me so much trouble (1 ½-2 ¼ hours each way) didn’t seem so bad the final time.	0
"I thought of commencing our journey in the early morning,"	1
"This time she suggested to follow a que of trucks and transport vehicles,"	0
One of the un-avoidable attraction of my journey was to drive thru National Highway 44.	1
" This Highway started from Srinagar in Jammu & Kashmir and ended its journey to Kanyakumari,"	1
 This highway is a true symbol of national integration.	1
 In our earlier journeys to various places of Kerala and Tamil Nadu we travelled thru this highway.	1
 This six lane highway is a driver’s paradise and pleasure to move on.	1
We touched NH44 and a substantial portion of our journey today would be thru this highway.	1
 The road between Hosur and Krishnagiri/ Dharmapuri was very scenic with surrounding hills in both sides.	1
 Car was smoothly cruising the highway and we were enjoying the surrounding beauty of nature.	1
 There were large no of makeshift shops on the highway selling different varieties of mangos.	1
 Broad roads took a twist and turn in various places.	0
 Nature was open and bountiful here with large no of hills on both sides of the road upto and after Salem standing under the black cloud.	1
"Lunch at Sree Saravana Bhawan Highway Branch,"	1
 Torrential rains were pouring the highway outside.	0
Road was taking twists and turn in several places.	0
" after all these road hangover when we reached the hotel,"	0
 Roads in and around the temple were very narrow and heavily crowded with all kinds of vehicles and pedestrians.	0
30 AM we began our journey to Thiruvananthapuram.	1
 This was two lane road passing thru Nagercoil to Thiruvananthapuram (around 100 Kms from Panakudi).	1
 Road was extremely busy with full of traffic throughout the journey to our ultimate destination.	0
 Road passed thru several busy areas (both in Tamil Nadu and subsequently in Kerala) and in all these places traffic congestion was a big pain.	0
 In fact driving in National Highways of Kerala was tough due to the narrowness of road.	0
 This problem I faced during my earlier journeys to Kerala also.	0
 The road going to Poovar was narrow and it was an hours ride.	0
 Our route would be thru Salem-Kochi-Kanyakumari Highway (NH 47).	1
 The road was heavily crowded with all kinds of vehicles.	0
 Very soon we reached to the starting point of Srinagar-Kanyakumari Highway (NH44).	1
 From this point the longest Indian Highway (3750 KM) began its journey to the northern corridor of India.	1
 This journey upto Tirunelveli was splendid and worth remembering.	1
 Just before Tirunelveli (72 Kms from Kanyakumari) we took a left turn to get the NH 138 which moved to the right below the highway flyover.	1
NH 138 was a two lane but excellent road with newly led tar.	1
This was also a two lane road and moderately maintained except few places.	1
" Road was almost empty,"	1
 Suddenly I noticed a cow crossing the road very slowly.	0
 This road was coming from Madurai and we had to drive another 56 Km from here.	1
 This railway bridge and the parallel road bridge were connecting the Pamban island (where Rameswaram was located) with the mainland.	1
We stopped our car midway through the road bridge.	1
 No train was running through the bridge.	1
 but comparatively the road bridge was longer and also bigger both in size and height from the sea.	1
 Roads inside the town was narrow and full of traffic.	0
 This newly tar laid four lane highway was excellent and well maintained.	1
 We were amazed to see that the bus came down to the sea and the rest of the journey was on the sea water.	1
"The road after the Check post,"	1
 this road seemed to become strategically very important.	1
 Work in the under construction road upto the last point of Dhanuskodi was going on in full swing and seemed to be completed within a short period.	1
When we started our return journey it was almost dark.	0
 Highway was dark and empty.	1
I started slowly but gradually increased my speed since the road was excellent.	1
 to hit the road culvert and on the verge of plunging into the backwater just outside the road.	1
I came out of the car and saw that this portion of the road was under construction.	0
 During our onward journey to Dhanuskodi in daylight I noticed this portion of the highway but on return it was not visible in the darkness.	0
 This highway went straight to Madurai which was around 170 Kms from here.	1
 Next at least 100 Kms road broadening work was going on to make it a four lane highway.	1
 Once again we lost our way in between the roads of the city due to malfunctioning of the GPS in our mobile and lost precious time.	0
Rest of the journey was a smooth drive.	1
 On Wednesday… whilst writing my essay on the way to work we went over a road bump… and I broke the hinge on my laptop (exactly the same thing that had happened to Brian’s a few months before).	0
 turned the roads into rivers and the traffic into even more random chaos.	0
So we went out onto the street and saw the Uber car… parked in a dark spot which meant I didn’t see the dogs mess all over the road and stood in it.	0
 We approached the main road (which we needed to be on the other side of) and there were 4 rows of moving traffic coming from the right… my first though was oh great we have to get in that and then find somewhere to do a U-Turn (which takes ages) but oh no… fear not… the Auto man was not going to waste time and without any hesitation just headed straight out into the traffic!	0
 We ordered from Binjara Junction (they wouldn’t accept an international card so had to pull all our cash to pay to do it and make it with a few rupees to spare) and I was so excited that you could watch the progress of your order… and the journey of the guy from Swiggy going to collect it.	0
 take rest next day and resume our journey (myself and my wife) from third day onwards.	1
" 8th April 2016 - Journey Bangalore to Mumbai,"	1
 roads were having comparatively less traffic possibly due to Ugadi Festival.	1
 brilliant road and a pleasure to drive.	1
 Only around Hubli a brief portion was two lane highway needing careful drive.	1
 I thought of continuing our journey as far as possible to take advantage of afternoon less traffic.	1
"As the journey progressed,"	1
After Kolhapur we had to slow down due to frequent road diversion consequent to road broadening work.	0
 Roads were filled with considerable traffic (noticeably large no of two wheelers).	0
 Somehow we could reach the toll gate of Pune Express Highway and started our voyage towards Mumbai.	1
 This expressway was well-known for its brilliant roads but again very expensive indeed.	0
 There was comparatively less crowd in Mumbai roads also due to Gudi Padwa festival.	1
 The other route was thru Panvel-Kochi Highway (NH 66) Karanjkhol-Mahad- Poladpur.	1
 two lane highway and above all crowded and risky.	0
 The road side hotel where we had stopped just opened his shop.	1
We were driving thru Khapoli-Pali Road to get Mumbai-Goa road (NH 66).	1
road was narrow and went thru the forest.	0
This river was following the Khapoli Road on the left side.	1
Gradually the road became wider and we crossed the river after reaching NH 66.	1
 A double decker train accompanying us on the left side.	1
This was an important junction since the hilly road towards Mahabaleswar began here.	1
Initial around ten kilometres road condition was bad.	0
 A small river was following the river and construction of culverts were going on four places of the road crossing thatng stream.	1
Ghat section began thereafter That road had large no.	1
 The road was narrow at some places like normal hilly roads but occasionally having heavy traffic with all kinds of small and large vehicles.	0
" this curvy and scenic ghat road was spectacular through tall mountain ranges,"	1
"Compared to the unbearable summer we experienced throughout our journey from Bangalore to Mumbai,"	1
 Both the places were en-route to my journey which I covered yesterday on my journey from Mumbai.	1
 there was a left turn after around 18 Kms and then a narrow road reached the fort gate.	1
 After a brief rest at the down-hill we began our journey back to MTDC Mahabaleswar at around 4.	1
But the journey was not comfortable since she became un-well due to mild sun-stoke.	0
NH 4 was a six lane highway and ideal for drive.	1
"Journey to Calangute,"	1
 The road from Mahabaleswar to Satara via Meda (around 60 Km) was a two lane highway.	1
"Beautiful tea cups in a road-side restaurant,"	1
 Road quality was ok and there was not much problem to drive.	1
"After Niphani ( around 2 Hours journey in NH 4) and before Sankeswar,"	1
 This road was narrow and it took time to negotiate after a smooth drive in NH 4.	1
Next journey was thru Amboli Ghat section.	1
 There were caution boards at the road side against dangerous driving and landslides.	1
"A road-side hotel on the bank of Savitri River,"	1
 While commencing our journey the pending work of getting the tyre pressure checked and filling nitrogen again occupied my thought.	1
we had to take a long journey after few days.	1
 Any way it was a huge sigh of relief and unless detected the puncture could spoil my journey in mid way.	1
 The journey was thru NH 4A.	1
 But after reaching station at around 5 PM we came to know that sometimes back a train already passed thru the station.	0
 There was no further train today.	0
 There was no return train in the evening and we had to board a Goods Train to reach Kollem railway station.	0
 Even getting down from train at Dudhsagar falls was prohibited.	0
 we reached to the car parking area at around 9’O Clock to begin our journey towards Kollem railway station.	1
It was a bumpy ride throughout a kachha road inside the dense forest and mountains on the horizon.	0
 since there was no road bridge on top of it.	0
 Distance was around 30 Kms and it was located on the other side of the main road (NH 4A).	1
 The road was two lane (sometimes narrow) but well maintained.	1
 A small hotel on the road-side was selected.	1
 I thought of beginning the journey in the early morning to avoid the summer heat.	0
 Immediately the road entered the “Bhagawan Mahavir Wildlife Sanctuary”.	1
 Very few vehicles were visible on the entire journey till we reach near NH4 (Mumbai Bangalore Highway).	1
 Also the road look deserted and sometimes we were driving miles after miles without seeing a human being.	1
 it was a smooth journey towards Bangalore.	1
) the journey was nice.	1
"After that temple we stopped a bit further down the road at a ruin surrounded by a river,"	1
 It wasn’t ready (we were early) so I went to buy beer from the store across the road but came back scared as the road was hard to cross and several people had stopped to ‘chat’ to me.	1
 which as one train journey would probably be around 33 hours!	0
 The worst part is I can't get a train ticket to leave to anywhere until Tuesday!	0
 The train to Mysore is only 10 hours.	1
 There’s not much to say about the journey other than traffic… (most of my photos so far are of the traffic and cows for a reason… !	0
" The journey home is about an hour and a half and I mix it up with some work,"	1
 They are everywhere in the road and cause such havoc!	0
 with the different ingredients and need to be careful preparing the vegetables (Lisa kindly transported some of the vegetable antibacterial wash needed when she visited Delhi… handing it over to Noor… to handover to me… I was so happy to see it because I desperately wanted to eat some fruit!	1
On Friday at the end of the week I came home and successfully managed to arrive back in Koramangala (my local area)… stop at the shops… go into the Spar to buy some wine… and cross the road to get take away from Taco Bell and I did it ALL ON MY OWN.	1
 As I was crossing the road (not easy… the lights weren’t working and a motorcycle came pretty close to me…!	0
 OLA has boomed in transportation business.	1
"Since I last posted about Uganda in 2013 I’ve been away a few times… a fantastic European road trip with my parents… New York to my good friends Kristen and Dan’s wedding,"	1
After completing the day’s task we embarked on our journey at 16:00 hours and hit Mumbai-Pune Expressway.	1
 The city traffic on the Pune Bypass Road was dense and it took almost an hour to get out of it and reach Katraj Tunnel.	1
 Thereafter the road was good and the only delay was on account of the wait at the Toll Plazas.	1
 Most truck drivers had parked their vehicles on the service roads for their meals and we could move much faster than anticipated on NH-4.	0
" The wide smooth road beckoned Lady Slumber,"	1
 at the junction on Mangalore – Bangalore Highway NH-48.	1
 The original plan was to drive straight to Mangalore for onward journey home.	1
" The public transport buses were carrying,"	1
The best place to start this post is the bus journey to Bijapur.	1
" once you factor In the atrocious Indian roads you're spending 10+ hours getting thrown around a mattress (which is actually quite soft,"	1
The journey was especially bad for me.	0
 though a scenic train track through the heights of tropical forest however being one of the standing sardines in a thickly packed out second class coach (fit with crazy man lock & chained to a bar) for a delayed 8 hours wasn't so romantic as planned!	1
Myself along with my wife and son started our journey at around 12 PM in the afternoon.	1
" Mysore Road used to be very crowded these days,"	0
 A few kilometres after Channapatna we took left turn to a small road going to the village.	1
" Road was well maintained,"	1
This morning's drive was first along the fast road north heading to Bijapur.	1
 On the quiter road to Badami the crops included peanuts and sunflowers.	1
 It is a mode of transport new to me.	1
 The road to Hampi included a fast motorway section that had very little traffic and an ordinary road that was very busy with lorries.	1
The journey to uramma heritage where we are staying was interesting.	1
 On the other side it was a very short tuk tuk journey to the cottages.	1
 Outside the factory were lines of bullock carts and on the road there were more all heading to the factory.	1
On the journey to the next site we stopped to see the production of jaggery.	1
 There was also a section of the road with an avenue of banyan trees forming an arch over the road.	1
We started the journey with a mindset of driving at 70-80 km/hour and stuck to the plan for first half hour of drive before our first break in Tumkur.	1
" after a short break our real thrilling journey began,"	1
 is one of the best highways I have come across till now.	1
 All of us on our respective mean machine Royal Enfield (5 of it) started accelerating to respond to the beauty of road and the road looked more and more beautiful as we accelerated and travelled distance.	1
So the journey begins to explore Stone Fort of Chitradurga.	1
 Unbearable traffic in ever-busy Bangalore Roads was not visible.	0
 NH4 was a six lane highway and the entire road was beautifully maintained.	1
" Two young Motor Cycle riders were lying on the road in a pool of blood,"	0
 with their two-wheelers by the road-side in badly damaged condition.	0
After taking a brief rest the journey began in NH 13.	1
" it was a two lane Highway upto Hospet (around 130 Km from Chitradurga) with reasonable traffic (mostly trucks,"	1
" The journey had been slightly painstaking,"	0
 mostly without any road sign.	0
on the road side (around 80 Kms from Chitradurga) exclusively trading of sheeps and goats.	1
 I noticed a goods train moving slowly on the top.	1
 the state Highway 133 was narrow and not well maintained.	0
Initial drive was thru a narrow and badly maintained road (around a Kilometer) inside a village.	1
 Gradually the road condition was improved to some extent but still filled up with large no of patholes.	1
 Road condition was not good once again.	0
 I came back to main road and had small breakfast.	1
 There was a motorable road for going to the other side of the lake.	1
After having bath and checking out from the hotel I started my return journey at around 12 PM.	1
 During return journey also I decided to depend on Fruits and Snacks only to statisfy my belly with occasional stoppage in between.	1
Starting the journey thru NH 367.	1
 The road was full of Potholes and not at all motorable.	0
 Gradually the road stretched thru interior cultivation fields on all sides and few interior villages.	1
One disadvantage of blindly following the Google Map was that the road condition had not been explicitly depicted or known.	0
 due to bad roads cars or any other vehicles were not allowed.	0
 There are no rough roads or stones that you could see while walking but all you can see is a green carpet on all the sides you turn around.	0
" small roads where there is no tar instead all green,"	1
 most adventurous jeep ride ever with only rocks on the road and wheels rolling over them.	1
always believed in this line “It’s the Journey that matters and not the Destination”; this was so true with this journey; Journey to this waterfall called Jagara Falls was just more than incredible.	1
 peacock’s which are my favorite bird which was all around on the roads; they are all just a feast to the eyes.	1
 Journey to this waterfall was more incredible than seeing the waterfall itself.	1
 In the afternoon we left Bijapur by train to Solapur from where we had to change for a night bus.	1
and we were really sick of travelling by local transports around this part of India.	0
How lucky we were that we got train tickets to go to Hampi before christmas.	1
 The journey was great and the landscape especially in the beginning around the Dandeli Wildlife Parc really beautiful.	1
 The train was packed but the journey still pleasant.	0
 as all train tickets for the next 2 weeks were completely sold out.	0
Munnar was around 500 kms or around nine to ten hours journey by car from Bangalore.	1
NH 7 is a 6 lane highway and ideal for driving.	1
" The six lane road was so smooth,"	1
 The road was moving to the horizon like a serpent passing thru the glaring sunny atmosphere.	1
" road condition would be better in this route,"	1
 We selected Bangalore- Hosur- Salem- Perundurai- Dharapuram - Udumalaipettai- Marayoor- Munnar route for our journey since this route passes thru Chinner Wildlife Sanctuary and had immense natural beauty.	1
" This state highway in Tamilnadu was a two lane road,"	1
 Three or four persons were lying in the road in a pull of blood.	0
Road (NH 209) was narrow and going towards the uphill.	1
" Roads were further rough,"	0
 hoardings of two well known political parties (Congress & CPM) were spread out all along the road-side.	1
"At around 9 PM we began our journey to the next destination,"	1
We commenced our journey thru NH 49.	1
This road was narrow with lot of curves and sharp bends.	0
 There were localities in between and the narrowness of the road made negotiating with the incoming vehicles quite difficult.	0
Road was divided in this place.	1
 One road was moving towards Kottayam and another to Kumarakom.	1
 We resumed our journey at around 1.	1
" After driving nearly one hour or so thru narrow roads as directed by my navigator (Munia) in slow speed,"	0
 The journey was between two points of the lake.	1
" It was as if we were moving thru the country road in a rickshaw,"	0
 The journey started.	1
 This wonderful journey ended at around 5 PM.	1
" Tomorrow we had to undergo a long journey to Wayanad,"	1
 The drive was scenic with great roads Router: Tumkur- Davangere - Yellapur- Ankola - Gokarna.	1
The roads around the temple have the culture of incredible India retained and the architecture of the houses is beautiful.	1
 The roads lead to the Kotitheertha which is a pond in the centre of the town.	1
There's an overnight train that goes straight from Hospet (near Hampi) to Mysore.	1
 But due to a major oversight on our part we had booked it only part way to Bangalore and had booked a separate train 2 hrs later from Bangalore to Mysore.	0
We had barely walked down the street on the main road before a rickshaw driver approached us.	1
 It seems the trick here is rickshaw driver’s offer extremely low priced journeys but will then earn commission for taking you to 'recommended' places.	0
 The business of India’s roads and towns had finally taken its toll on us and maybe that short stint in Goa also shown us what else we could be enjoying in India.	0
 We somehow managed to find a train leaving the following day and booked it straight away.	1
 toast and a free taxi to the train station - all on the house.	1
" your eyes began to train themselves and you could see one more,"	0
" He described a scene of the main road (outside this temple) bustling with elephants,"	1
" Hospet to Bangalore to Mysore (2 trains)- 12hrs 1154 rupees,"	1
 we picked up his cousin and hit the toll road of national highway.	1
 The roads were good and we hit 100km/hr.	1
 We had a sumptuous lunch and hit the road to return to Bangalore.	1
" The road comprises 36 hairpin bends,"	0
" The lower the road took us,"	1
" Was it also for the dangerous road which negotiated extremely steep valley sides,"	0
 an elephant crossed the road merely metres in front of us!	0
 along the bumpiest road I think I have ever experienced.	0
left turn towards Shimoga thru NH 13 (Sholapur Mangalore Highway)and finally take NH 206 (Bangalore – Honnavar Highway) to reach Jog Falls via Sagar.	1
 which was a four lane Highway and well maintained.	1
Road condition of NH 13 was not at all conducive for smooth driving.	0
 Road materials mixed with rainwater made matters worse.	0
 Above all the road was broken in some places.	0
 This road although not very broad but was well maintained.	1
 We saw a big village market on the road including Fish market also.	1
After breakfast at KSTDC restaurant we bagan our journey towards Honnavar thru NH 206 and ultimately to Murudeswar.	1
 NH 206 which goes to Honnavarwas narrow but road condition was more or less ok.	1
 A few kilometres later Ghat Section road began.	1
 The road was zig zag with large no of curves and it neededcareful driving to negotiate.	0
 Falling trees in various places narrowed down the road passage.	0
 The two KM long Honnavar road bridge on the way to Murudeswar is one of the longest bridges in India.	1
 Offered “pranaam” to Lord Shiva and our journey began.	1
 This road was quite good to drive with wonderful natural beauties on the way.	1
 It was a pleasant journey with the narrow road gradually increasing in height havingseveral twists and turns.	1
 The road passed thru absolutely green forests in Western Ghat with occasional view of waterfalls from nearby hills.	1
 There were some risky turns but overall road condition was good.	1
Throughout our journey the “Google Map” followed thru GPS dictated us which route to take as well as the distances to be covered.	1
near Bankapur we lost the way and erroneously entered a remote village road with large potholes.	0
 That was a nightmare and I waspraying that our car would somehow pass that road (around five kms) without any trouble.	0
 As I explained NH4 is one of the best roads to drive.	1
A memorable journey indeed.	1
 There was also a big meeting (about 200 attendees) I attended where people discussed the issue of building a road through a place called Pony Farm.	1
" When I got to Bangalore I tried to get a rickshaw driver to take me to the train station so I could get to Mysore the way Madi had advised,"	1
Wide empty road- can't imagine in the city.	1
We started our journey at around 6am in the morning.	1
" We can see trees on both sides of the roads many times the top of the trees kissing each other making a complete shade over the busy roads,"	1
" We were required to cover 12 hours journey hence,"	1
 local public transport etc.	1
 might roam around on to the roads but during day time it would have been a rare sight.	0
 In the past so many days I’ve only been off the land twice – once to visit a local furniture maker who’s ‘factory’ is just down the road and another time to the town of Gundlupet to buy groceries.	1
" Riding the first 60 km on largely flat good roads (with light slopes at times) seemed doable,"	1
 It was nice and cool - empty roads & ideal riding conditions.	1
 Riding along NH7 (we did not take the elevated highway) was super-smooth - though some cars & trucks coming on the wrong side was a major irritant.	1
 and the road was lovely (with gentle up and down slopes).	1
" On second thoughts - maybe I will put a couple of training wheels next time,"	0
 And then was time for the best part of this journey - the CRAZY ride downhill !	1
 It is the journey that matters.	1
" The first part of the journey is slow but scenic,"	1
 This should be quicker but a 30 mile stretch of road is being rebuilt so the driving is both slow and bumpy.	0
we reach Mysore and the road improves.	1
" The roads are properly made up,"	1
 We wind through ever narrower and worse quality roads as we pass one tea estate after another.	0
" So the first ten to twenty feet from the road is dark grey,"	0
The first section of this morning’s drive is along the main road that runs through the park.	1
 After looking both ways (it clearly knows the green cross code) it lumbers across the road and off into the forest.	1
 Shortly after stopping the ranger shrieks ‘tiger’ and we reverse up to the road in time to watch a large male tiger walk very slowly across the road before vanishing into the undergrowth on the other side.	0
"We turn off onto the red dust roads that criss cross the small section of the park open to tourists,"	0
 This is every Westerner's dread on an Indian road journey.	0
The temperature is rising and the journey passes hour after hour.	0
Eventually we find the turning off the road to Mysore that we need to find.	1
" However now the journey gets a bit tricky as all road signs are now in Kannada not Tamil or Malayalam,"	0
 Eventually we find ourselves driving through Mudumalai Tiger Reserve followed by Bandipur Tiger Reserve (this on the main highway to Mysore!	1
" we could see on both sides of the road various vegetable cultivations,"	1
 her daughter and I decided it is a must see and jumped into the train headed north from Bangalore.	1
"Since our return train tickets did not get confirmed,"	0
 And the journey has begun to search self.	1
It all happened in 48 hours that I planned my first road trip.	1
 Again started my journey on one of the best roads in India the Bangalore-Pune Highway (NH 4).	1
 While coming back from MG road a guy in Merc was shouting at me for waiting for traffic light to turn green.	0
 Joined Mumbai - Goa highway and reached the city of mangoes by 6 pm and stayed there for the night.	1
 The amazing road and scenic route took a lot of time for me to reach Goa.	1
 As expected there was a lot of traffic and the small roads took time for me to reach my uncle’s place.	0
till 9pm and found a room on the highway to spend sleepless nights yet again.	0
 checked out at around 7 am continuing on another superb road from Yellapur to Bankapur.	1
 The road goes in thick forest and was very empty.	1
 Reached the Highway and was waiting to reach home eagerly.	1
" trucks and farm animals were sharing very narrow roads with speeding buses,"	0
"30pm on an 11 hour overnight train to the eastern coast of India,"	0
 we clambered into the minibus and headed to the train station.	1
"We arrived at the train station at 8pm,"	1
 Families had settled in with home-cooked meals and children were excited about the journey ahead.	1
The train left at 8.	1
 The gentle rocking of the train had me asleep in no time.	1
"We were catching an overnight train that evening,"	1
On the way to the station we dropped in to see the lights of the palace before continuing on to catch the first of our two overnight trains in India.	1
 We got to the station and joined the masses of people rushing to get night trains to different destinations all over the country.	0
The overnight train from Mysore to Chennai was supposed to take 11 hours.	0
" It was our sixth overnight train in Asia,"	1
 you could be relegated to lying in your bunk very early in the journey rather than sitting comfortably until you’re ready to sleep.	0
"Having learnt my lesson from overnight trains in Vietnam,"	0
 this train kept fairly warm all night.	1
 but I drifted off to sleep as the train picked up speed and started swaying a bit.	1
" I woke up once during the night when the train stopped to pick up passengers,"	0
"I was a little concerned about the stories I’d heard about ‘train mice’,"	0
"Having had many conversations with friends and family about train toilets,"	0
" As per my usual way of coping with train toilets,"	0
If you want some ‘toilet tips for moving trains' – shoes are always better than thongs (flip flops) for obvious reasons; tight fitting leggings or trousers are better than floppy/baggy ones; and the squat toilets are far cleaner than the western-styled toilets.	0
The traffic on this highway was relatively less compared to others.	1
 Around 4am we stopped in between on the highway and all of us shared all our experiences about life and one of our friend is singer who sang beautiful songs.	1
 The road condition starts to deteriorate once the deviation is taken at Lingadahalli.	0
 The road leading to Z point was really steep and had bad patches in between.	0
" We walked around the MG Road area,"	1
After lunch we walked around the Vittal Mallya Road area (Grant Road).	1
 Slowly we made our way back to MG Road and caught a bus back to Whitefield.	1
 We took a rickshaw back to MG Road - and it took us 1 hour to cover the 6 ks.	0
 The road is really bad and during these 4 hours we were shaken quite a bit.	0
" train in Zumba,"	1
 The road through the park was really far too busy.	0
"The first part of the journey was back through the safari park,"	1
 but a 6 hour bus journey was not really what I was looking for.	0
 The driver was driving like crazy and the road was really curvy.	0
 The ride on the rickshaw was nearly 1 hour and really bumpy (which woke up my colon and I had to train some specific muscles ;-)).	0
 luckily I'm making the journey with a friend I've made in Hampi.	1
" What I didn't realise before starting the journey was that it's only two hours on from this point,"	1
The journey to Hampi entailed my first bus ride in India.	1
 Definitely need to stick to the train in future.	1
I am exited so I reach there early(brigade road) we decide to meet at 8:30 am and now it is only 8 am.	1
 Brigade road is quite beautiful in its architecture.	1
we choose brigade road because of seats (it the starting point of that buss) .	1
It is around 40 min journey (33-kms).	1
 I started off the journey on 12Th of Nov at around 8 in the night by bus along with a bunch of energetic and enthusiastic chumps.	1
 We girls got on top of a narrow parapet beside the road to get hypnotised in the bright and mind blogging scene in the panorama.	1
" Our place was one road back,"	1
 It was completed in 1887 and today is Asia's busiest train station.	1
 all along the road back to Irupu falls.	1
"We journeyed back to Mysore at 3pm,"	1
 The plan was to go for a road trip around Bangalore.	1
 It would have been great if the journey had been in daytime.	0
Hitting the highway next morning was quite a good feeling.	1
We headed south-west of Bangalore on Mysore Road which happened to be one of the best highways at that time.	1
 We could easily touch 100+kmph on that road at least upto Mysore.	1
 The landscape on both sides of the road comprised endless uniform green fields with stony hills and coconut trees as the only aberrations.	1
 I and Varun managed to get far ahead of Pawan and Imon and hence decided to take a detour onto a road which looked like going nowhere.	1
 We ended up on a muddy road which lead us to a lake which was completely inconspicuous from the highway because of the bamboo jungle all around it.	0
It was time to get back to the highway after spending few minutes there.	1
 The road does start sloping upwards but hardly becomes steep.	1
 Our road took us through famous Coorg coffee plantations too.	1
 we hit the road back to Bangalore.	1
 The road to monastery had a Tibetan settlement which was quite a surprise for us.	1
 We took a stop over at a CCD on Mysore highway (70kms from Bangalore).	1
We hit Bangalore somewhere around 9:30 and congratulated ourselves on successfully completing a great road trip!	1
" the road system is very confusing,"	0
 Safer if that does not happen though I'm sure as I still struggle walking across the road sometimes.	0
" We finally hit the road around 2pm and it takes us 2hrs to get out of Bangalore traffic,"	0
 we then journeyed to Halebidu to see another temple crafted in the same way.	1
Then on to the road and my what a road this was.	1
" I'm told the roads are being fixed in India now,"	1
" When we finally got off that road and on to the good highway I felt sad a little,"	1
" the rough road was way more fun,"	1
" my escort leads me straight on to the road where we are walking amongst the taxi traffic,"	0
" It truly has to be seen for one to even grasp how crazy it is on the road (there is 'no traffic' right now either because it's so early,"	1
" honked at as I need to take the road because the foot path is non existent,"	0
 I find out later that it is from the church down the road calling people to pray.	1
 Nice guy we had a lovely chat and he took me down what I can only describe as the most dangerous road I have ever been down.	0
 it was like a journey through my childhood.	1
 all the locals live up the road In Hospet near the train station.	1
"We travelled by train from Goa to Hampi in Air Con (AC) 3 tier which was more than Ok,"	1
 this tier of the train was very busy with people and luggage who have a little bit more money to upgrade to this class.	0
" One family kept coming down the train with boxes and suitcases and room was running very low,"	0
 then the family came down and there was around 15 of them all having different berths around the train but wanting to sit together which after some doing what they wanted to do and not backing down they won with other people changing seats to accomodate them.	0
 we made do with the train food of a fried vegetable cutlet in bread and a masala tea.	1
 The train was so busy with people walking up and down and the tea and food sellers moving up and down the train.	0
 The train took around 10 hours so we were in by dinner time to Hampi.	0
 Coming into Hampi felt like being transported to another world and reminded me so much of The Flintstones and Bedrock.	1
"we had tried to book train tickets to Bangalore and were on the waiting list - we started at 10 and moved down to 2 during the course of the day we were meant to leave,"	0
" with a couple of hours to go before the train left we were at 1,"	0
 so we crossed our fingers and after a bit of a mad dash through the roads of Hampi fearing for the tuk tuk to roll over after a couple of hair raising bends we made it to the train station.	0
 We checked with the booking office and we weren't on the train - Plan B was to go in unreserved class.	0
" The train arrived and after looking through the windows of the un-reserveed class and lack of seating and any space,"	0
"Plan C - As we left the train station still with no idea what to do,"	0
 I honestly think that 37 hour bus journey in Argentina killed my bum and sitting down for long time skills.	0
 Ride from our hotel to Hampi was wonderful with an amazing view of paddy fields on one side of the road and sugar cane farms on the other side.	1
 We had to go down the road where seemingly several hundred thousand of his flag waving supporters were massing.	1
"eventually we hit the road to Bijapur,"	0
 The journey seems to be proceeding OK until we he hit the outskirts of the city and discover that the flyover/ring road has been closed as a result of the construction of an overhead metro line.	0
 be aware that the roads are pretty awful in places.	0
 most people jacking out of Karnataka at Hampi and taking the train to Goa.	0
" four hours bouncing over roads that were not so much pot-holed as cratered,"	0
 we were soon on the highway for a mere 3 hour drive to Bidar.	1
" partly because it would have been a very long journey to our next destination if we’d driven direct from Hyderabad,"	0
Train travel in India can be a hot and tiresome business.	0
" I met Zane on the Turkey to Iran train (you always meet the best people on trains,"	1
 I really like train travel and its all so comfortable and well organized.	1
 First we had to try and confirm our onward journey as we were wait listed.	0
 Better had otherwise it might mean we would have to suffer a 10 hour bus drive and Terry would not like that at all and me too trains are so civilised.	0
You can never go hungry or thirsty on a train journey.	1
 The main section of the town was down the road closer to the river.	1
" cows on the train station platform,"	0
"The road down the mountain towards Mysore was rough and rugged but travelled through National reserves so we were entertained with flocks of pretty spotted deer,"	0
 a baby elephant being washed in a stream and a group of very cute black faced monkeys who had decided to come down to the road to watch the humans and play a game of chicken on the road.	0
" The road became much better once we hit the flats and we motored quickly to Mysore,"	1
the road and the low vegetation around.	1
 The train we were after was on the first platform and the carriage not too far away.	1
 The train started on time and lights-out was at about 2230.	0
"Bella was lying by the main road in our village,"	1
" lying by the road as usual (see the photo),"	0
 what with the temple across the road from our apartment!	1
" Next to where they were playing cricket on a rough bit of ground was the tuk tuk driver training and exam area,"	0
 the road was one lane each way and not in great condition but they drove the same.	0
" the car In front of us was overtaking a truck and we overtook both but at the same time the same was going on on the other side of the road so a 2 lane road had 6 cars abreast,"	0
 we set off for Coonoor which is a 4 hour journey mostly vertical.	0
" The journey wasn't the most comfortable as it was hairpin bend after hairpin bend and lots of overtaking going on,"	0
 they go tearing along and take the downward bends on the wrong side of the road aaaggghhh!	0
 David drove us down to the railway station where we were going to catch the toy train to Ooty.	1
"The journey to Bangalore was through lots of very fertile countryside,"	1
000 tuk tuks on the road here and we didn't disbelieve him.	0
"Unfortunately the next stop was the airport to start the journey home,"	0
I don’t remember much of the bus journey except for the amourous exchanges between the couple in the berth across mine.	0
" where is the train taking them to next,"	0
" If I were them I would rather write something along those lines 'if you have some time to kill while waiting for your train in Mysore,"	0
 time and condition of road to Coorg with some experts.	0
 none was sure about the road condition and time it would take is about 3 hrs.	0
" as there was any road for next 30 KMs (upto Sampaje),"	0
" the road was amazingly,"	1
" Our jeep was leading the way through the rocky mountain roads (if they can be called roads),"	0
 Roads however weren’t in great condition though better than between Sullya and Sampaje.	0
 but due to my mistake we ended up on the road to talakaveri.	0
 The return drive though was much faster than the onward journey though.	1
" Memorable 4 days of time was spent on the journey of life,"	1
This journey starts in Amritapuri and ends in Mysores 27h later.	1
The next challenge was to reach Ernakulam Town train station.	0
The train was about 30min late so I had plenty of time to find out where my carriage was.	0
 It was at the very front and trains are long long long.	1
 A rickshaw took me to the other train station.	1
 I had to wait on platform 7 for about 1h and after another 2h30 in the train I was in Mysore.	0
 The journey went smoothly except for the girl who kept wanting to feed me out of date crisp and chocolate.	1
 My hotel and a well-deserved shower were only a short rickshaw ride away from the train station.	1
I commenced my journey from Bangalore and travelled by an overnight train.	1
It covered the journey of about 600 Kms in 11 hrs.	1
It definitely helps if one has a personal transport since the temples are situated in different directions and to make it to all these places in a brief span of time can be strenuous and tiresome.	0
 The road to Mullayanagiri is very narrow with views from steep cliffs.	0
 we had to take a small diversion to get on the “road” to Hebbe Falls.	0
HanumanaGundi Falls : This Falls is situated in Kudremukh National Park between Kudremukh Road and Lakya Dam.	1
 The 100 ft waterfall can be accessed from 400 steps that are climbed down from the main road to reach the site.	1
"Stepping off yet another overnight sleeper train with the standard array of snorers,"	0
" there was a guy on our train who had a tuk tuk parked outside (how this was possible,"	0
" This was essential as having little sleep from the train and no breakfast,"	0
 This was great as the inner kid came out in us both as we climbed on-board the old trains and played with the controls (I probably did this a little more than Donna if truth be told!	1
had begun jumping on the trains and taking photos it happened…….	1
 but you’ll get the idea from this one comment I made not long after excitedly jumping off train number 4 and feeling a grumble in my stomach that required some immediate attention ….	1
 but nothing else on the road - very different to see.	0
 Our dinner was just down the road from our hotel.	1
 We left for the training facility and it was part of a sprawling over 100 acre property where the corporate office used to be.	1
 a long winding ride through narrow heavily clogged roads with traffic and construction to reach after almost an hour or so.	0
 From here we left for Chennai for the second leg of the journey where unfortunately tempers flared again and all in all I have such mixed feelings of this event.	0
 then on MG Road with the area manager from South and chose this lovely green South Indian saree for my mum.	0
 The company owned salon was on Richmond Road and that would be our base.	1
 It turns out my hotel was on a little side street of a 23km long road so lucky to find it.	1
 where I lived at the age of thirteen and my whole journey towards working in Global Health began.	1
 Turns out that the forest roads close overnight as this is when the elephants presumably get their rage on so the bus simply stops for a few hours.	0
My first observation of Indian roads was that drivers use their horns more than any other function on their cars/autos/mopeds.	0
 and the sheer number of vehicles on the roads sends my mind into utter confusion.	0
" some down the middle of the roads (causing vehicles to divert around them),"	0
 and some just chilling by the road-side.	0
 The aim was to pick up an SD card reader for my iPad from the Apple shop on MG (Mahatma Ghandi) Road since the non-Apple one I bought in Singapore only served to slow down the device's performance.	1
The shiva statue is located in the old airport road of Bangalore.	1
" If you are going from MG Road side,"	1
 you have go on the old airport road for about 4kms till you find a shopping complex called “Total Mall” (earlier called Kids Kemp).	1
We’ll be back to catch the train to Ooty in a few days.	1
Five Rathas quite easily from the road and the Shore Temple from the beach.	1
 where we are to catch our overnight train to Metupalaiyam and (hopefully) the early morning connection with the Mountain Railway steam train up to Ooty.	1
The overnight journey went well and in fact we arrive into Metupalaiyam 30 mins early; great as it means time for a couple of good hot coffees and lots of photos of the Nilgiri Mountain Railway narrow gauge steam train and steam engines before we set off.	1
 The journey takes 5 hours with plenty of stops along the way for refreshments etc.	1
" the steam train engine really struggles and shudders and on arrival at Coonor after 3 hours,"	0
" the train journey is a great experience and at only R’s 350 for both of us,"	1
 We are able to choose our seats which is great – first time this trip we are doing a long (5 hours) bus journey in India.	1
" It’s not quite worth the journey in our view – but Indians love gardens,"	0
The train journey from Mysore to B goes off without a hitch.	1
 The rest of the road is blocked off and the area looks like a building site.	0
 The 40km journey to the airport is on the Vayu Vajra A/C Bus – a special airport shuttle which costs Rs 195 each compared to the Rs 770 quoted by the Prepaid Taxi stand at the railway station.	1
 The journey takes us through much of the northern half of B with all its flyovers and many new housing developments.	1
" has been a bit of a mixed experience but worth it if only for the train journey to Ooty,"	1
 You can easily notice the three huge statues while going on Kanakapura road (NH 209).	1
" you can approach the church from Queen’s road side,"	1
 Alternatively go by public transport till MG road or Queens road or some place nearby and then take a walk to the church.	1
 On this road do not take a deviation to the airport.	0
Actually the fort is about 100 mtrs from the highway and visible from the road.	1
 The entrance of the fort is rather a regular road to pass through.	1
 So we came out of the fort and went further on the same road for 200 meters.	1
 no tickets (as the fort entry road is used as the public road).	0
 You have to go 2 kms further on the National Highway and then take a left turn for Nandi hills.	1
If you are going from Bangalore you have to first go to Kanakapura and then take the road going to Sangama/ Mekedatu.	1
After going to Kanakapura you have to leave the highway at Kanakapura and take a left turn for Mekedatu.	1
 The road here looks like a narrow lane (although widened afterwards) and is not easily recognized.	0
 You can park you vehicle there near the road side and pay a parking fee.	1
 After going for about 6 kms on rural road you will find chunchi falls.	1
Veerabhadreshwara temple is on a small hill located on the road side 12 kms from Ramanagaram on Kanakapura road.	1
 you will first see Sabbakere from where a road goes to right side towards Siddheshwara beta.	1
 You can leave that road and go straight on Kanakapura road.	1
While coming from Ramagaram to Kanakapura you will find a beautiful arch on the left side of the road (right side while coming from Kanakpura to Ramanagaram).	1
 Even if you are going on Bangalore-Mysore road it is worth driving 15 kms inside to visit this temple.	1
 you can go straight on Mysore highway till Ramanagara.	1
 There is plenty of parking place on the highway side.	1
 You have to go straight on Mysore road till Ramanagaram.	1
 The road is motorable and good.	1
" The left side road is for vehicles,"	1
 While going on this road we saw the temple chariot.	1
" The following day we were off on the night train to Kochi,"	1
 our German cabin mate from our train ride to Arambol.	1
 A man on the side of the road surrounded by a cluster of helping hands.	1
 a man prostrate on the road a friend or stranger talking to him a motorcycle yards away.	1
"Our journey from Arambol to Gokarna,"	1
 began with a train ride from Pernhem station to Margao.	1
 we bought tickets for the “express” train to Gokarna.	1
" This train would supposedly arrive sooner and get us to Gokarna faster than the normal train,"	1
" the slower train was on time and left on time,"	1
 while our train was an hour and a half late!	0
" as we stepped off the train at the Gokarna station,"	1
" public bus that would transport us to Ankola,"	1
 I tried to take a few videos but even they don’t capture the bedlam of the road system.	0
" Although they drive on the same side of the road as us,"	1
 it’s nearly the end of our fantastic journey around Karnataka.	1
I couldn't be in India for a month and not write a big about the Indian road network!	1
2 wheelers are much more prevalent here in India and provide many people with affordable transport between towns and villages.	1
" which results in many """"diversions"""" from the main highway on most routes between towns."	0
just drive down the wrong side of the main highway because the route is shorter!	1
" He is always paying attention to the road ahead and despite the constant tooting from other drivers,"	1
 refuses to overtake until the road is completely clear.	1
"Millet thrashing on the main road is another strange practice we have observed on rural roads,"	0
"Providing training to farmers is often referred to as “extension services” and is often done through the same measures such as workshops,"	1
" We have a five hour bus journey to Mangalore,"	1
) roads we have seen.	1
 I still can’t believe that people drive on roads like this.	0
 This road has hairpin bends as we go down the side of a huge mountain.	1
" a train ride,"	1
" Reading the yoga book will make my journey home slightly more bearable but I don’t want to think about that just yet,"	0
 Training packages are available for people who wish to achieve certification in specific Ayurveda treatments so I may well find myself back in Mysore!	1
 These include a school and a vocational training centre where they teach poorer people English and hospitality skills before giving them a job in their chain.	1
 traffic police and CCTV cameras checking on road use.	1
" The company believes that staff will work better and train harder when they are well looked after so the site has its own accommodation,"	1
 the company still appears to be leading the way in training and client satisfaction.	1
"We then headed on an overnight train to Fort Cochin,"	1
"A public ferry and a boiling walk brought Tamzin and I to the ladies carriage of a commuter train to Alleppy,"	1
" it was possibly my best journey in Indian,"	1
 We in Britain wouldn't dream of letting such vulnerable children travel by public transport and their families are far too poor to pay for private transport.	0
 particularly with victims of road traffic accidents.	0
 I catch 40 winks after lunchtime most days when we are travelling from place to place and today I have managed to curl up like a cat on the bus and have a couple of hours sleep on our long and bumpy (Indian roads are amazing!	1
) journey from Mangalore to Kushalnagar.	1
 The Government used to collect road tax annually but now ask for 15 years worth in one go to help fund projects.	1
 It is ironic really because on our travels we have seen countless half built bridges and road works which have been abandoned due to lack of funding.	0
"a dog already and have also been sat in the middle of a road tooting at a car opposite,"	1
" He trains them and offers them accommodation,"	1
 transport and a free canteen.	1
) and the fire-fighters can be in the machines and on the road in 50 seconds.	1
 The vocational training offered allows some people to go on and lead independant lives and find a job.	1
" “Down the road where Lord Subramaniam Temple is situated """" said by some who can reply in English."	1
"” It is a long road to reckon with,"	1
 train going over the bridge and chanting or praying from a nearby home.	1
 Everything is very loud and the main noise is car horns tooting and the whistles of road police and parking attendants.	0
 Mithra’s house is beautiful and sits back from a main road through secure gates.	1
 So I'm in this rickshaw and he pulls over and gets a little guy missing one of his eyeballs on a bike to get me the rest of the way to the train station.	1
I arrive and my train is delayed 7 hours.	0
 Trouble with this particular train being delayed is that it was connecting me to another train which was taking me all the way to Mumbai.	0
 My 2nd train had been booked solid for weeks (I booked it first day in India) and at one moment the wait list was over 800 people.	0
" I asked about my delayed train and the response I received was """"just jump on a train passing through and keep walking from car to car to avoid the ticket collector""""."	0
 So I race outside the train station and got a taxi to get me to the connecting station.	0
my train was supposed to leave at 5:15.	0
 the train pulls up.	0
 the train is gone.	0
 This particular train was not late (shocking) and it paused for 60 seconds at the station (which is also rare because normally they sit for a long time in each town).	0
 Along with all the beeping and cars on the wrong side of the road and stray cows we made it safely to the Mangalore Club where we are staying tonight.	0
 my ill spoken Hindi and his inability to read made the location difficlut to get across and as the journey progressed i tried desperately to recognise something of the town i'd spent over a month in.	0
We've feel privileged to have provided these girls with leadership training skills and asked them questions that have challenged some norms.	1
journey has just started and we need your continued support and energy.	1
 We needed to break for Christmas holidays but will complete our training with an awesome art project that Tia created that ties into Passion Project leadership training (we'll post another blog before we leave).	1
"So after travelling up the Western Ghatts through the mountains we took a 9 hour bus journey to Bangalore,"	1
 and then a 13 hour train journey to one of our target destinations Hampi.	1
 after travelling around the cities and towns of India Hampi was a welcome break from dusty roads and extremely busy city and town centres.	0
 We stayed across the river from the main town and after a 9 hour bus journay and a 13 hour train journey we were gladly met by the first person who offered us accomodation across the river.	1
" held the helmet in the hand and slowly started riding bullet in a zig-zag way on the empty outer ring road of Bangalore humming an old hindi track,"	1
 We had to keep engine idling in neutral for a while near outer ring road for Ravi to join.	1
" for a journey of any real length,"	1
 giving the occupier the choice of lying down at any point during the journey – it is also closest (indeed beware if you have long hair) to the ceiling fans.	1
 this does seem to be catching on) at the reservations window and were eventually informed that the train we sought was fully booked.	1
" but the “tourist quota” of tickets on certain trains still exists,"	1
" The Shinkansen-esque precision parking was in no way reflected in the train: a dirty,"	0
quota” personnel (onward trains were all fully booked).	0
are transported back to that fleeting period when India’s beaches hit their tourist zenith: dispersed and discrete enclaves of beach huts that are almost invisible from the lustrous bays and yet serve all possible – backpacker - needs.	1
Margao has replaced Vasco De Gama as the train hub of Goa and has modernized rapidly.	1
" This is not an easily accessed destination (trains via Hyderabad,"	0
" were fully booked for days and there is no emergency quota) and saw us take a train to Hubli (5 hrs),"	0
 Filled with bicycle accidents and train-chases and McDonalds!	0
 On Wednesday we took an overnight train to Hyderabad.	1
 On Friday we took another overnight train back to Bangalore.	1
 the road became a rocky path and Ganesha had to be carried by several men.	0
 we did not stop at a rest stop; those do not exist on the particular highway we took (and I doubt they actually exist on any highway in India).	1
" road in boats,"	1
The bus journey from Trichy to Bangalore is 8 hours.	1
" The roads here have a lot of speed bumps,"	0
" Our method to get there was bus to the central transportation area,"	1
" I think we took the middle-class bus for both legs of the journey on the way there,"	1
The bus ride back to the central transportation hub was much shorter because we picked a nicer bus that didn't make as many stops.	1
" so once I'd purchased my lovely new sari we continued down the road to find Sam and Fae something,"	1
"Let me continue with my journey for passport photos,"	1
" By the time I found a road sign and mapped myself a route,"	1
" tens of thousands of people die every year on Bangalore's roads due to automobile related accidents,"	0
 our guides hopped in the front and we were off on our road adventure.	1
" lines in the road are mere suggestions,"	1
" If you are coming from Sarjapur Road or Martaalli area,"	1
From Bangalore you have to go to Kanakapura and then take the road going to Sangama/ Mekedatu.	1
 Driving 45 kms on highway is simpler than driving anywhere within Bangalore city.	1
 The road was very good.	1
The road to Sangam is always fascinating with large number of mayflower trees on both sides of the way – as if ready to greet all the visitors.	1
I woke up at 6am and hit the road in next 15 minutes.	1
 Within 5 minutes I was cursing down the Mysore-Madikeri road where I had my footsteps left on my previous tour to Bylakuppe (separate blog).	1
 This road wasn’t new to me but still it was pretty enjoyable early in the morning.	1
 The bus quit the forest roads and started climbing up the hills.	1
road here was through the coffee and pepper estates.	1
 I was really enjoying the scenic ‘pleasures’ and was thinking about my next journey from Gonnikopal to Kutta which was around 36 kms.	1
The drive from Gonnikoppal to Kutta was perhaps one of the ‘most scenic’ bus journeys I’ve ever had.	1
 Long winding roads though lush green coffee plantations that you can feel the freshness and aroma.	1
" The entire journey seemed to be the same through ‘estates’ and finally around 3:30pm the ‘Green Beauty’ (Eventually,"	1
"Gonnikopal road for about 4 kms,"	1
 We drove back through the same road I followed earlier and reached the estate within 15 minutes.	1
 I knew that there wouldn’t be any public transport available to reach Irpu Falls which would eventually be located inside the Bramhagiri Wild Life Sanctuary.	0
 No vehicles are allowed rather there are no roads to reach the base of the falls.	0
 because the journey was actually a lot longer than we expected.	1
We were supposed to be on the road back to Bangalore by 3pm (the day before we were told noon.	0
 For a lot of that journey I was glad I was in the back and couldn't see out the front very well.	1
" Ignorance is bliss when it comes to road travel for me in most developing countries,"	0
 and this journey was certainly no exception.	0
 Highway speeds with rickshaw-style weaving is a whole other ballgame.	0
" We were going to a tourist area called MG road (Mahatma Gandhi,"	0
" The roads were all flooded,"	0
 He kept taking one way roads the wrong way and driving through puddles and rivers that were so deep they would come up into the rickshaw.	0
 This time we weren’t going to mess around with cabs – we just walked up to the road and grabbed some rickshaws.	0
" It was a bit of a journey but with the help of an iPhone map that Jeff had downloaded earlier and some persistent navigation skills by Vanessa,"	1
 While going from Sathanur the road goes down steep with sharp bends from the hills 5 kms before Muthathi and again climbs up steep with hairpin bends after 7 kms on the other side (after 2 kms from Bheemeshwari) towards Halagur.	0
 the road will go down sharp to the valley.	0
 The temple is on the right side of the road and river is on the left side (while coming from Muthathi).	1
 The road climbs steep on the hills with hairpin bends and gives a beautiful view of the valley (picture below).	1
 If you could see the roads here you would know how impressive that is!	1
 that was transportation fail number 2 for the day.	0
Best’ transport connectivity in India.	1
 The road between Hunsuru to Kushalnagar took almost an hour and half and was so scenic that I was enjoying every bit of it.	1
 However the train reached about 2 hours late forcing us to drop the idea and head straight for Dandeli by road.	0
"Lesson 1 learnt :- Kokan Railway operates on only one track and thus invariably trains run late,"	0
 apparently the forest department is holding back permission for rebuilding of road due to ecological reasons as it passes through forest.	0
" it being a state highway actually),"	1
Checked out around 11 as we had a long planned road journey.	1
" There is alternative road 35 kms long to reach the island from Hampi village while the boat crossing hardly takes 10 minutes,"	0
 we went straight to Solapur (80 kms) to catch our night train to Mumbai.	1
 The highway is totally congested with truck traffic and takes good enough more than 3 hours against our expectation of 2 hours.	0
 The overnight 'delux' sleeper bus was supposed to be a special treat really for the journey from hampi to Gokarna.	1
 And the part where they dumped all the people not headed to Goa (to Gokarna) in the middle of nowhere by the road at 2am to wait for an uncomfortable minibus to come collect us.	0
" but had to split the journey into 2 days due to significant traffic in Bangalore (yes,"	0
 The condition of the road was just amazing except in a few places where patch work was going on.	1
road with all the gears pulled and we were enjoying every bit of the journey.	1
" But we had a long road to hit,"	1
Kemmangudi road was mainly laid out for the coffee estates which surrond the entire Malnad region.	1
 The jeep left the tar road started climbing through the hills.	1
" The road was horrible,"	0
'No road' could have been a better word to say.	0
 We were riding on a road where 'dust and boulders' were laid out.	0
 we strolled back thorugh the same way and following which took a ride through the 'boulder roads' back to Kemmangudi.	0
The road from Kemmangudi to Bababudan giri as mixed bag of 'Bounty and Bumpy'.	0
"By train : Nearest rail stations are Hassan and Kadur,"	1
By road : Distance from Chickmagalur to Bangalore via Hassan-Tumkur is 245 kms.	0
 The road condition is just amazing.	1
 drive towards south till you reach Kanakapura road (you may take busy shortcut routes or long ring roads depending upon your location in Bangalore.	0
 Now move on Kanakpura Road – the National Highway 209 – towards Kanakpura.	1
"Note: if you miss the road to pyramid valley then you will reach Horahalli,"	1
From Kanakpura road diversion the road is rather easy.	1
 The road is good and motorable.	1
You can follow any route to catch Bangalore Kanakapura main road – which is the National Highway 209.	1
 Go straight on the highway towards Kanakapura.	1
 Better ask the locals otherwise you are very likely to miss this road as there is no proper landmark to explain.	0
 if you miss this road and go straight you will still reach the other side of TK falls through CRPF camp.	0
 But this road is longer and extremely rough for driving.	0
 I had a fear that the road could be bad as many bloggers mention their experience.	0
 But luckily the road condition was good till we reached the fall.	1
 which is on the same Kanakapura road about 15 kms from TK falls.	1
The statue is on the road side and visible from quite a distance.	1
 But many more just have darshan from the road pay their homage while passing by the road.	1
 It turned out to be more difficult than we thought to get to (see Lewys' blog for full details of us turning up a month early for our train and a pigeon using my head as a toilet).	0
"Our trip around Rajasthan ended with a lovely 19 hour sleeper train back to Delhi,"	1
 visiting the Red Fort and the Jama Masjid before catching the train to Agra.	1
 we set off in a taxi to Nizamuddin Railway Station only to find that our train was departing in a month's time.	0
Jaipur was the next stop (a 5 hour bus journey extended by a break down).	0
The train journey to Jodhpur was not particularly straightforward (noticing a trend.	0
The last stop on our whirlwind tour of Rajasthan was Jaisalmer (getting there involved an incredibly hot crowded 6 hour bus journey with no toilet or food stops.	0
 we hopped on the 19 hour sleeper train back to Delhi (only three quarters of an hour late!	0
"The train from Goa to Hampi was so full of foreigners that the beggars who routinely come by must have thought they'd hit the jackpot – on second thought,"	0
the knowledge that this train will be shuttling between two mega-tourist hot spots that drew so many of them out.	0
" not on trains dressed up like clowns performing tricks down the aisle while their mother comes by with their infant siblings in her arms,"	0
 10th) sleeper train to Bangalore and I am seriously going to miss those trains!	1
 let alone with a swaying train to mix things up a bit.	1
"This crazy Indian practice of laying speed humps across the highways every bloody kilometre turned a reasonably short drive into a much longer one,"	0
Next morning after another poor attempt at an edible breakfast we hit the road stopping briefly to look at an interesting temple in Hospet before negotiating about three hours of bad roads before eventually stopping briefly at a dodgy looking road side diner for a surprisingly cold Sprite and to watch a few minutes of the cricket on the beat up TV in the corner.	0
"From here we headed to Badami along a rough road where we would spend the night,"	0
Transport Corporation KSRTC (Rupees 400/person one way).	0
 The bus takes the popular Bangalore-Mangalore highway through Hassan and reached Mangalore the next morning.	1
" packed our backpacks (again) and off we were to the train station on our way to Alappuzha or Alleppey,"	1
 but I was thrilled when we left for another overnight train to Gokarna.	1
" As there was no direct train from Alleppey to Gokarna,"	0
" If you buy anything on trains around Europe,"	1
" we slept on the train station and we woke up at about 7am,"	0
 We walked to the road and asked around for the bus station.	0
 The train ride was amazing and we all thoroughly enjoyed ourselves.	1
" Montauban Guest House – once the residence of a French designer called Ettines (after whom the road that the guest house is on is called Ettines Road) who lived in Ooty in the 1920s (Sorry,"	1
" One which I consistently ate at is Kurunjis – a tiny outdoor restaurant on the main road about 100 meters from Charing Cross Junction – serves clean,"	1
In the morning I caught my train back to Bombay which started its journey 2 hours behind schedule and changed two engines en-route making us a total of 6 hours late by the time we got into Bombay.	0
 The next days we still saw on the roads thousands of pilgrims going to that place.	0
"There is a very tiny train going to another hill station in the ghats,"	0
" This train seems to be just for tourists,"	1
" Although the train was starting very early in the morning,"	0
We took the train back to Chennai.	1
 They couldnt promise that the bikes come with our train to Chennai.	0
 The train was driving the whole night from 8pm to 8am.	0
 We thought we were already champions with parcel in trains because we aölso had to put our bikes to parcel with the train to Ooty.	0
 I forgot to tell you guys that the entire trip was a road trip so lots of driving involved ?? (Best way to travel in India).	1
 Complete road is a 4 Way higway NH7 so you can speed upto 120-160KMPH but be careful of coming wrong side traffic.	0
I took a bus/train and reached Chengelput bus stand.	1
The Pondicherry-Karaikal Port road is amazing and too good for a ride.	1
 The bus drove back through the same Pondicherry Road for about 6 kms and then took a right turn towards Killai village and drove further down to Pichavaram.	1
" I can tell you however that the tuk tuk drivers did make a double fare as upon finding Sparky’s was closed we headed straight back to a restaurant on the same road as our hotel,"	0
" as I just might end up doing it anyway if I can't get the train I want,"	0
After leaving Kovalam I popped up to Trivandrum which is only a few miles up the road to catch a flight to Chennai (Madras).	1
 Durring the day there was a huge march/demo on the main road outside the hotel.	0
" On arrival at the station we booked tickets on the toy train to Ooty (Udhagamandalam),"	1
 so we went to the main road and waited.	1
"After seeing the main sight we were already looking at how to get to our next destination and we went to get some info from the main train station,"	1
" it was back to the train station for me,"	1
 When we got to the train station and located our carriage we were a bit surprised when we saw the sleeper.	0
Drive straight on NH7 - the road goes straight to Kanyakumari passing through Salem Madurai.	1
The road is 4 lane you have to cross 7-8 tolls and shell out Rs 500 till Madurai.	0
I’m writing this on the train from Kochi.	1
 Getting off the train in Coimbatore was adrenaline inducing.	0
Thankfully all our cases were taken from the train before it picked up speed!	0
 that people were trying to get on the train at the same time.	0
 but the train started with the three porters and two cases still on.	0
 The train was late and traffic was bad because of Republic Day (Independence Day).	0
" Then we battled horrendous roads – some under construction,"	0
 After about an hour we were on to the new road – still rough (maybe it’s the bus springs) but much faster.	0
 We had another train to catch.	1
At Coonoor we got on a small train to climb to Ooty.	1
" This train didn’t seem to take luggage (maybe a separate car),"	0
 so this train ride was an entertainment.	1
 because this is a transportation method for hill residents.	1
 supplemented on steep grades by flames coming out of the train’s coal-fired engine.	0
 The roads were so narrow yet the driver skillfully managed to manuvore the vehicle well.	0
 I managed to catch the toy train (actual train) which looked very cute.	1
" not that I expected to as we were on the main road through the middle of it,"	0
 to drive for about two hours on bumpy roads with occasional smooth interludes.	0
 the roads were bumpy and slow to travel.	0
 For a while the highway was just rather rough.	0
" Then the road was deteriorated asphalt – inches-deep ruts on the sides,"	0
 He speaks Hindi and quickly arranged for us to squeeze into the passenger seat of a three-wheeled transport scooter with a yellow-cab canopy and body.	1
 Finanly we left for the last little bit of the journey and got within less that a mile of our drop off point when we stopped for lunch!	1
 interconnecting rivers that function as watery highways that people still use for commerce and for getting around in the remote parts of the state.	1
"The whole train ride to Thiruvalla my stomach was doing flips,"	0
" The second we saw each other on the train platform though,"	1
"We went by train to Madurai,"	1
" and it is on this train that I saw thousands upon thousands of wind turbines,"	1
 As usual the train was a full-sensory experience.	1
" Travelling by train right now is also a unique experience due to the sheer number of pilgrims going to Sabarimala,"	1
 walking and taking the train to the temple that apparently gets almost as many visitors as Mecca!	1
"So the trains are crowded but no less fun and intense,"	0
 And the distances I estimate by my maps and the road signs.	1
 Although I was on a National Highway the road was often very bad.	0
 But for both it was too cold and Chris took the train to Beijing and Meint was flying to Nepal where he spent a month as backpacker.	0
 The towns or villages or whatever along the road didnt stop.	1
The Seattle/Paris leg of my journey was a delight.	1
 I was brain-fried at this point and there wasn’t an area on my body that didn’t ache – such is the life of a road warrior.	1
 It’s been a very long and tiring 2-day journey to get here.	0
 Trains stop in stations from 1 minute to 8 – thankfully Agra qualified for the maximum 8 minutes which was definitely needed!	1
" A couple of hours later we pull into Jhansi where my 4-hour bus ride is waiting to transport me to the next port of call: Khajuraho,"	1
remove enough branches to be able to pull the entire trunk out of the road so we could continue our journey.	0
 Not a single head turned as this vehicle careened down the highway – only those of us on the bus had any reaction to the spectacle.	0
" By booking transport tickets online,"	1
"We took the car directly to the train station,"	1
 With only a small delay we hopped on the train towards Agra.	0
"hour journey and it flew by,"	0
 It was time for my first train ride in India.	0
 I had to get to the main train station in Delhi.	1
 I then had to take a tuk-tuk to the station and I really didn't think about the price I got quoted and realised halfway into the journey that I was ripped off by about 80-100 rupees.	1
"At the train station,"	1
 And it was quite possibly the most antiquated train I have ever taken.	0
" I was rather excited about this train ride - this is real travelling,"	1
Our train left about 45 minutes late and constantly stopped in the middle of nowhere.	0
 I'm guessing this is just Indian trains for you and I now realised why so many people were camped out on the train platforms.	0
Our driver first stopped about two hours into the journey at a local Hindu Temple.	0
" The road got worse as we came closer and the traffic,"	0
 From where the bus dropped us it was a 500 metre walk along a brick paved road as the sky gradually lightened.	0
 The train journey itself was really pleasant and we arrived in Agra in about 3.	1
 We then got the train to Jaipur.	1
 40% cheaper and Lassi from road side shops.	1
The day after we were getting the train overnight to Kolkata to fly to Myanmar.	1
 So I decided to have another strong Bhang lassi and sleep the journey away.	1
 Somewhere between leaving the platform and taking my seat on the train my wallet either fell out of my pocket or was stolen.	1
"Getting the train there from Khajuraho was a bit annoying,"	0
" since there's only two trains that run per day,"	0
" If we went to the train station to get the ticket it might have been possible,"	0
a waste of a day and the train was super hot.	0
"After about nine hours of a sitting on a train we were surprisingly tired,"	0
" I'd learned on the train there from a guy I was talking to,"	1
" but they give all that up to go on the so called final journey of Hinduism,"	1
"We got the train the to Delhi that night,"	1
" This is the other train station in Delhi,"	1
 we sorted out visas for Myanmar and got all the remaining tickets for the trains we're going to need.	1
 we found out around 6am that the train was delayed at least an hour or two.	0
 for a total train trip of 17 hours!	0
"When we left the train station,"	1
" We only had a couple of hours because he’d already arranged transport and tickets for the Taj Mahal at 3:30pm,"	1
 We had to pack up our bags for transfer to the train station later.	0
 Our bags would be brought down and stored until we were ready to leave for the train to Agra.	1
 we all went back to the hotel to wait our transfer to the train station.	0
” Our guide reminded us that we would not be able to get much to eat on the train and recommended we order something from the hotel to take with us.	0
" Our train arrived and we all piled on,"	1
 so the tuk-tuk drivers left us off a bit further up the road so we could visit the more modern Mulagandhakuti Vihara temple which was already open.	1
 so after retrieving our shoes we continued back down the road towards the main ruins.	0
 we continued down the road and found the main entrance to the ruins.	1
 we continued down the road and found the Standing Buddha.	1
" so after grabbing a bottle of soda we walked back up the road until we found our tuk-tuk drivers,"	1
" After the long walk down the road to the main market area,"	0
 We head to the train station at 3pm to catch our overnight sleeper train to Agra and the Taj Mahal.	1
 sipping the chay I bought from a train vendor.	1
" When the train pulled into the station at Varanasi,"	1
" We finally got off the train with our luggage and our guide recruited a number of tuk-tuk drivers to take us all to our hotel in Varanasi for the next 2 nights,"	1
On reprend le train demain et le checkout de la guest house est trop tôt demain matin.	1
 The main road for the airport into the city was two lane going both ways with lots of green and dirt areas along the sides.	0
" who transported them to Delhi when he dropped us off at Khajuraho airport,"	1
 long journey of travelling from Sri Lanka.	0
 This was when we told him we were heading to the train station to book a train for Rishikesh for after our intrepid trip.	0
 He said that there was a government tourist office that could help foreigners book train tickets and we could get a map of Dehli from there.	1
 We also got sent round to a back road office that was quite scary as it was at this point it was clear they were working in big groups and we felt really intimidated.	1
The next day we decided to venture out again to get to the train station to book our tickets to rishikesh.	1
"com now) It was a nice experience and we started to feel a little settled again once we ignored the curious and sometimes aggressive stares and the horrific roads of honking horns and near misses with tuk tuks,"	0
We are now currently on our intrepid trip and after spending another day visiting a mosque in Dehli we caught a sleeper train to veranasi.	1
The overnight train left from Khajuraho and we were in some top bunks in sleeper class.	1
 Twelve hours later and the train pulled up to Varanasi junction.	0
 I really think that I'm going to focus a lot more on my flexibility training because I feel so good after doing so.	1
 weight training and climbing but I seem to often neglect my flexibility or just half-ass it at the end of a training session.	0
 We stopped along at a place to have breakfast and then continued from the ghats towards a busy road and visited two temples.	1
 I walked down the ghat and then made the short journey to Siddarth's yoga studio.	0
" Although my train from Varanasi was only much later,"	0
 to catch a train to Jhansi (2 1/2 hours)where we then got on our bus for the long (5hours)and bumpy ride to Khajuraho.	1
" No road rules,"	0
" We took an evening train from Jaipur,"	1
"The train arrived quite late in the evening and after negotiating with several tuk-tuk's,"	0
 I was keeping my fingers crossed as I had an early train to catch the next morning.	0
Went to NewDelhi railway station in plenty of time to make sure I knew where to get train and its a good job I did.	1
 Firstly my train seemed to be noticeably absent from the deoartures board so I asked at enquiries ( braving the scrum lol ) and found my train was going from platform 15.	0
On the platform I bought some bananas and oranges for the journey and settled down into my seat.	1
Left on time but onky had about half an hour before it got dark and couldn't se any more so resorted to playing games on the tablet and bought water and crisps from the train vendors.	1
 and on the road for the long drive to Agra.	0
 a 6am train from New Delhi station whisked us out of Delhi.	0
But we couldn't just sit in the hotel so after lunch we walked out to the main road to pick up a tuk-tuk rather getting them to call us a car (we're probably the only people staying there who didn't go everywhere by car and we were certainly the only people staying there with backpacks that we saw!	0
The following day we had been due to take a train in the evening to get back to Delhi but watching the previous few days trains it was clear that they had been badly affected by fog sometimes not arriving until the middle of the night so we had cancelled the train and booked a car.	1
"30/01/16 out of Rajasthan on my classy AC class train (SL full) to nearby Agra,"	1
" similar boomerang tactics as Delhi with a night train to Varanasi booked,"	0
" With my intended eatery on the same road as their hostel I ride back to main town with Loren & Francsoir,"	0
night train to Varanasi in cosy sleeper class.	0
 sunrise boat trip then depart on an overnight train to Kolkata.	1
 all the incredible modes of transport used by the Nawaabs.	1
"""""There are only two mistakes one can make along the road to truth; not going all the way,"	0
 has always been just too far out of the way of my bike journeys for easy access.	0
 It claims to be a social organisation to provide character training through Hindu discipline and to unite the Hindu community.	1
 road works and a general (much needed) sprucing up.	1
" We set off from the hotel expecting to jump in a tuk-tuk however we ended up walking along the road which was crowded with cars,"	0
 Then we reached the narrow and winding roads near the Ghats.	0
That evening we went to get on our train to Jaipur to face another stressful railway station experience.	0
" There was no other option but to get another train that night to Delhi,"	0
 we went to the railway station to get a train to Varanasi.	1
Our fond memories of the train to Agra were quickly forgotten.	1
" You are advised to arrive 1 hour before your train to allow time to get yourself to the right platform,"	1
 but when we arrived at the station we saw that our train to Varanasi had been delayed by 3 hours.	0
 So we braved the train platform for the last hour.	0
 By this point we were desperate for the train to arrive.	0
When the train was about to come into the platform we had people trying to get us to go to different platforms which became very confusing and we became further flustered.	0
" Once sitting in the right seats on the right train FINALLY,"	0
 trains in India rarely give any information at all about when the next stop will be or what stop it is.	0
" The trains also stop on the tracks at any moment for unknown reasons,"	0
Our first go at catching a train in India was surprisingly calm.	0
 the carriages well marked and the train not too crowded.	1
" As you navigate around the train station,"	1
 it is hard to tell who is lying on the ground sleeping whilst waiting for a train and who is sleeping on the ground permanently.	0
 It is even harder to distinguish people who work at the train station and people who are trying to scam you for your money.	1
" Luckily we had been pre warned about scam artists insisting that our train was cancelled,"	1
 delayed or that the platform had moved last minute so that they can offer you an alternative mode of transport at an extortionate price.	1
" There is also a general carriage where the train is free,"	1
 but these carriages look very uncomfortable as people are squeezed into seats and can be seen hanging out of the doors and windows… sometimes for train journeys up to 50 hours long!	0
 the first hitch of our journey had come about.	1
 It started to take its toll as we waited on the train to Allahabad and hit hard.	0
" It was a long 7 hour journey and not much sleep was had,"	0
 We had the trains booked already and the tuk tuk ordered for the morning pick up.	1
Well our first train was cancelled.	0
of the journey from Delhi to Varanasi was just as confusing.	0
 We had 30 minutes before our trains departure!	0
 We managed to find our train which was running late.	0
 Catching a train in India just seems to be an ongoing nightmare - for us anyway.	0
Side note: There are direct trains available from Jaipur to Varanassi.	1
" Anu explained that because the train was so late getting in,"	0
 we got on the night train to Varanasi.	0
We got on the train as planned at 10.	0
 so one train had to wait off the line whilst the other one passes.	0
 This is not unusual for trains in India!	0
 This is the longest train journey ever!	1
" One of the drivers had seen that the driver of our train had missed the red stop light,"	0
 the oncoming train was stopped.	0
"We are able to walk over the road to the hotel,"	0
" I can see right across to the train station,"	0
" so all the roads were now cut off,"	0
"At Delhi train station,"	1
""""" scammers outside of the station and entered the main hall and looked at the train information board."	0
 We couldn't see our train number anywhere and our train was due to leave in 10minutes.	0
we managed to find our train and designated sleeper seats in time.	1
" The 3 hour journey wasn't bad at all,"	1
 we actually found it quite pleasant and likened it to our train rides in China.	1
" There were a few instances where severely disabled or visibly homeless people came round the train as it set off,"	0
 During the journey we also witnessed a eunuch (a castrated male dressed as a woman in a sari) clapping her hands and demanding money from certain passengers.	0
 Afterwards we rested a little to prepare ourselves mentally for our first overnight train in India.	0
Entering the train station in Agra took us by surprise.	1
 We understood the streets were chaotic but the train stations too!	0
 up onto the train station's interior.	0
 we watched as many trains came and went.	0
"After these trains left,"	1
 everything survived the trains by an inch.	0
 With so many trains coming and going we questioned whether they were waiting for the same train.	1
 Our train was initially on our platform screen but then disappeared.	0
The departure time for the train came and went.	0
 We spotted some sort of train officials and ran to them to ask whether we had missed our train.	0
 We asked what time the train was due.	0
 We couldn't comprehend whether each train arriving was ours or not.	0
We believed we may have heard the word ‘Bundi’ in the announcement of one train that arrived over an hr later than the scheduled time of our train.	0
 Chris ran off the train looking for another official P ran through the carriages.	0
 As the train started moving Chris hopped back on and we found our seats.	1
 Every traveller we had met on the road in South East Asia all who had travelled to India told us 'everyone' speaks English so we didn't need to worry about learning another language.	1
Transportation: Overnight train from Agra to Bundi.	1
"I boarded the train at Sawai Madhopur in general class,"	0
 visit the Taj Mahal and Agra Fort and catch a train later that evening to Varanasi.	1
 It didn’t work out because there was no trains available to Varanasi that day.	0
At the station I booked a train to Varanasi for the next day and also a train from Varanasi to New Delhi for a couple of days later.	1
 That was also a problem because the trains were full.	0
"In the evening I took a train to Varanasi and I was in the 3rd class sleeper,"	0
 where I had to board my train to New Delhi and I obviously wasn’t feeling a 100%.	1
 I got to the station and walked all the way to the last platform where my train was departing from.	0
 I asked when the next train to New Delhi was and they sold me a “general” ticket and there was no way I was going to sit for so long in packed wagon.	0
 He said I should approach the employees on the train and pay them extra for an upgrade.	1
"train that had a 4 hour delay,"	0
 Wishful thinking; the train did not come!	1
 The train came at 7:15am!	0
 The train was constantly stopping in the middle of nowhere and most of the times it was going slow.	0
 I got off the train in New Delhi at 1:30am.	0
 I’m on the train to Agra.	0
"Lesson one - don’t give the train tickets to Richard,"	0
 back to stupid o clock and we got a tuk tuk to the train station-a different one from the one we arrived at.	1
 In fairness the roads were so congested in the day that maybe the nighttime is the only time they can get anywhere.	0
 It seems their road awareness was just as bad though when one reversed onto our side of the road and into our oncoming path.	0
Our train was already on the platform so we made our way through the rows of sleeping bodies and boarded.	0
So off the train and straight onto a bus for another 3 or so hours.	0
 Halfway into the journey we stopped for lunch at a place called Sushams Haveli hotel and restaurant.	1
" but given the train delay and problems at the border,"	0
 another German who I met and I went to New Delhi Central Station in order to buy a train ticket to Agra on Thursday.	1
(5) The other (male) German and I took the train to Agra and arrived at about 3 pm.	1
 We went to the train station (we didn't walk again in that area because guys were always stopping and harassing).	0
 We met a white couple at the train station who felt similarly.	1
 I felt better at the train and I got back my self-confidence towards the men who were looking at us.	1
After the lack of sleep on the night train I was so tired I didn't think I'd have trouble sleeping.	0
" across the road was a room that housed all the bobbins of silk,"	0
 and yet again another crazy ride to the train station.	0
 our train was due to arrive at 22.	0
" the train was only 5 minutes late,"	0
"On the train we found our bunks,"	1
' I never thought 3 and a half years later I'd be on a train in the middle of India missing him so much.	1
4 years ago whilst backpacking Thailand I shared my first night train with one of my best friends Sam (who I always call Delia as its her middle name) we had such a blast.	1
 That train was only 2 tiers tho and a lot more space than this.	1
 and a foreign night train without her was just no fun.	0
 I think I needed this stinking train time to remind me of the things that had somehow gotten buried and lost.	1
 We'd been on the train 4 and a half hours and I knew my bladder couldn't last another 7 hours.	0
The train finally rolled into Varanasi at around 11pm.	0
 We walked across the road to the hotel which wasn't too far.	0
" Crossing the road was again an effort in itself,"	0
 There were more cows and more motorbikes (a pair of cows were even locking horns in the middle of the road with vehicles swerving around them) it was the most insane place yet.	0
"I sat back down and noticed Shakira who was sat next to me was also crying-it seemed everyone must have had the same emotional train journey as me,"	1
 It was in a really good location with shops and money exchanges across the road so I went to get some more rupees.	1
" The drive there was unpleasant their two many people in Bihar and as result the place is filthy and the roads horrendously congested,"	0
" A few kilometres down the road is Varanasi one of the seven holy cities of Hinduism,"	1
" We started off on the highway heading to Jaipur,"	1
" It turns out that the road to Agra is quite bumpy,"	1
 and all the drivers try to miss all the pot holes in the road by yanking the car around them.	0
 which has to be easier than the 448 km train journey from Amritsar to Delhi at 5am this morning.	0
"The train from Varanassi to Agra was fine,"	1
" Train arrived in Agra 3 hours later than scheduled time of 6am,"	0
 (We have since read in a local paper that trains in the area around Agra have been stopped or delayed by lawyers protesting because they want a high court to be opened in Agra.	1
 climbing on trains and generally disrupting!	0
 (On the train one of the Japanese girls put a mask on because I think she was worried about what she might catch from our continual nose blowing.	0
 Then it was time to eat and get on an overnight train to Udaipur.	1
We took the overnight train from New Delhi to Varanasi.	1
 At every level crossing there were crowds of people on bicycles waiting for the train to pass.	0
 We lurched out of Delhi at 6am and travelled through thick fog for the entire three hour journey to Agra.	1
" Breakfast was included in the train fare,"	1
part of the journey reading the ‘matrimonials’ section with headings such as ‘Brides Wanted’ and ‘Grooms Wanted’.	0
 and she saw a puppy sitting on the side of the road near our hotel.	0
It was still dark when we left at 5am for the New Delhi train station.	0
" We were catching the Shatabdi Express train to the Mughal city of Agra,"	1
" The train was possibly the most comfortable we’ve been on so far,"	1
 but the journey still went quite quickly.	1
" The train attendant gave us a complimentary litre bottle of water,"	1
 as I was on my usual dehydration routine that I employ for train travel.	0
 the driver hit a puppy on the road very close to the hotel.	0
 We left our hotel around 8:30 or so and began our 8 hour bus journey to Agra.	0
 out onto the highway system that needs some serious repair work or the vehicles need better shocks!	0
 Memories of our family road trips to Alberta.	1
The highway itself was full of ruts and bumps and no lines on the road.	0
 People walking on the sides of the roads and highways and Ther are cars coming at you.	0
 Not at all like our motor inns along the highways in North America.	1
 The most prominent road of the city is named after her.	0
Seventh day:-We reached Allahabad station on 3 PM as our train was late because of heavy fog.	0
We enjoyed very much though it was bit hectic due to long train journey affected by heavy fog.	0
We boarded train for Howrah from Varanashi Junction at about 8 PM .	0
" After arriving into the train station we decided to walk to our guest house by the bank of the Ganga (Ganges),"	1
 a journey that Google Maps said would take just over an hour.	0
 We reached the guest house over two hours after leaving the train station.	1
" distant steam train horns,"	0
 E and I walked through the morning fog along the bank of a stream until we reached the villages that lined the road back into Sarnath.	1
 Instead we decided we would get an overnight train to Gorakhpur to begin the adventure northward.	1
 We had dinner withtharpa before heading to the train station to catch our train.	1
 At that moment the long 24 hour train journey to Varanasi definitely seemed worth it.	0
) They gave me a spare room to lie down in and boiled water for me to sup before we had to leave to catch the train to Delhi.	1
We left Varanasi as we have arrived on a long train ride.	0
 The train was due to leave at 6pm and left at midnight.	0
"From the moment we arrived at New Delhi train station until the second we arrived at the door of Tharpa House,"	0
 In retrospect it seems obvious that the foreign ticket office in New Delhi train station wasn't closed but at the time we believed it.	0
 we believed this man when he said the only way to get a train ticket would be to visit his tourist office 20 minutes away.	1
 and has arranged train tickets for us up to Varanassi.	1
 It included accomodation for one night in Agra but other than that little more than train tickets for a total of £98 per person.	1
5 hour-late train (a total journey time of nine hours) meant we turned up close to 11pm and much later than expected.	0
From the Train of Doom to a River of Belief Varanasi was as every bit shocking as I had imagined it to be.	0
"After wobbling from the train with extreme exhaustion and poor Casey following in the worst condition anybody could be,"	0
 We decided to take a train and pay a little more for an aircon express from a station a little way out of town to Kolkatta where we took night to rest in a basic room before saying goodbye to our mates Joe and Annie.	1
 a 9 hour train and a two hour boat we arrived on Koh tao where we would collect our bags that we left.	1
 number of reputed trains dont go there so the next best thing is Mughal Sarai.	0
 Road: Connectivity via road is improving but its not great I would not advise road travel from long distances.	1
 Here Indian vegetarian cuisine takes you on a journey that you will remember.	1
 so I thought I'll get back to the hotel two hours before the train so I can pack and chill before a 13 hour train journey.	0
" especially at Varanasi train station,"	1
I manage to just about find the platform and catch the train just in time because it's late.	1
"Eventually the train empties some and I have the bed to myself,"	1
"The train to Delhi was apparently at 4,"	0
 the train could be a few hours late.	0
"I end up getting on the train at around 8 and arriving in Delhi around half 11,"	0
 made the time pass quicker and gave me the confidence I was on the right train etc.	0
" he's been in India for 32 years so I stuck with him and he got the train tickets sorted,"	1
to the beautiful Ranjana and her family before heading off to catch a train to Delhi.	1
Up and out of the hotel by 5 am to catch the train to Agra.	1
 fast train for the 2 hour trip.	1
 packing our bags as we are moving back to Delhi on an overnight train later tonight.	1
 Patrick and I went over the road to the local Lassi stall.	0
We set off at 10'O clock in a minibus to Agra Station or Tundla Station (about 25 kms from Agra) for overnight train to Varanasi.	1
The train journey was fine.	1
"The train managed to arrive with only an hour and a half delay,"	0
 so we are bypassing this afternoons trip for a chill out before our night train to Varanasi.	1
 as we are catching the train to the Muslim city of Agra.	1
"We then headed back down stream and in both journeys we witnessed the two places where they cremate the bodies,"	0
So after our journey along the banks of the Ganga river we came back to dry land and headed for breakfast to a local restaurant which seem to have endless flights if stairs to a roof top terrace.	1
25am as I write this blog and I'm in a sleeper train from Orchha to Varenasi.	1
"We had a shortish bone rattling journey to the house of a local,"	1
So after the meal and henna fun we headed out to the train station for another bone rattling journey.	0
 On our journey back to the station we we re stopped by an army/police road block vehicle check.	0
We arrived in plenty of time to catch the train so waited in the ladies only waiting room.	1
"So so finally the sleeper train arrived,"	1
 It was a scrabble to get on the train and the lady who pushed in front of Latoya got her she caught and dropped it between the train and the platform.	1
 The train only stops for a certain amount if time at each station so you need to be quick to get on!	1
The train was very crowded and many of the passengers were police and army people returning home after the elections.	0
 and stopping by our bunks to stand durning the journey to their stop and some very funky smells as Steph delicately put it.	0
 but verynhot and sweaty walk from the train station to the hotel.	0
 As usual we had to dodge to maic traffic and avoid an early death on the roads lol but we managed it and all arrived at the air conditioned hotel all in one piece.	1
I'm still in Alipura but later today we are heading to varenasi via the sleeper train so I sure that will be an interesting experience.	1
Throughout the day when on the mimi bus we had bone rattling journey as the roads around here are in a very poor state.	0
then we are off for a local cookery course and food and then we head off on the over night train to varenasi.	0
Somother rest of the dabyways spent chilling and I popped over the road for a macdonlads but it wasnt the same as the ones back in the UK.	1
Now it's off to bed as we are heading off by train to Orcha.	1
So it was a long journey to Agra and tomorrow we get to see the sunrise over the Taj Mahal how very exciting!	1
During our epic journey we mad a couple of stops along the way.	1
So after around 11 hours on the road and with stop offs on the way we finally made it to Agra.	0
" It seems amongst all the traffic the cow top trumps all other road users,"	0
"The journey was 6 hours through desert-esque scrubland,"	0
To be honest the journey was rather uneventful.	0
 Then we tried about 3 hotel restaurants down the road but all had their restaurant on the 5th floor which was too much to deal with at that point in time!	1
This morning was another early morning start for a train to Pushkar.	1
 The train was another 7 hour job where we were supposed to sit on bench style seats but luckily the train was empty for the first few hours so we all grabbed a bench each and slept.	1
 Once the train started filling up we all sat together and played cards to pass the time.	1
50am in tuktuks and headed to Jaipur station where we got a train to Agra.	1
 The train was much nicer than the Auschwitz types we have been used to!	1
 The train journey was 4 hours to Agra.	1
 somehow the main character was transported from India to a mafia boss house in Bangkok trying to get together with a girl.	0
 en route we stopped in the middle of the motor way so Ashok could take pictures of us on the road and how safe and modern it was.	1
 we had built it up a lot and despite a couple of bumps in the road (pun INTENDED!	0
" 5 hours later and multiple tuk tuk journeys being led down the garden path,"	1
We spent a few days here and moved onto Deli using the train – Our first experience on the Indian Train network.	1
As it was our first over night train journey we again eased our way in and went on AC first class.	1
After Blue Lassi we made a dash back to the guesthouse to pack our bags and get to the train station.	1
 We had an overnight train to Agra to catch.	1
" When we got to the train station it was filthy… we saw that some locals had bought newspapers to sit on the ground on,"	1
" We curled up on the newspaper and waited for our train to arrive… Not long before the train turned up a lone cow meandered past slowly on our platform,"	1
Once on the train we settled in to our bunks….	1
The rest of the train ride was uneventful and it ran late by about an hour arriving to Agra.	0
"a few go’s to wake me up… I stumbled out of the train sleepy eyed and carrying my 17kg backpack,"	0
The taxi dropped us off at the main road and a guy met the taxi to then show us how to get to our guesthouse.	1
"So Maddy and I took the train out of Delhi,"	1
" although our Railway trip to Shimla is in a bit of doubt - for fraud reasons you can't book trains online without registering,"	1
"Taking the train from Delhi was a relatively painless experience,"	1
" It would also turn out to be the best transport I ever took in India,"	1
"I went off on my own to buy some train tickets to Jaipur,"	1
" I also got talked into using a travel agent rather than the train station,"	1
 and made the slow journey back into town with a cyclist that needed a drink stop and a tyre pressure check on the way.	1
" we had an early train from Dehli to Tordi Gahr,"	1
"The train connected with a jeep for a 2 1/2hr bumpy ride with no views,"	0
"Boarding yet another sleeper class train from Varanasi,"	0
" As we made our way through the train towards our seats,"	1
" however when you board a train that is stiflingly hot and humid with no A/C and it’s around 26 degrees at night,"	0
"On the train from Gwalior there was little to talk about until we got very close to Varanasi,"	1
" the common hero’s from the train dragged these rascals back to the train by the scuff of the neck until we reached the next station,"	0
" All this was happening whilst sipping our train bought Chai Tea (more on this later),"	0
" we nodded in appreciation of the ‘train hero’s’,"	0
" We were a little tired from the thrills of the overnight train and the theft debacle,"	1
" Narrowly missing the ‘traffic police’ (Cows in the middle of the road) as well as pot holes and humans,"	0
" This train was to be our first overnight one,"	1
"the train travel,"	1
 but Indian trains are pretty great.	1
 but the people traveling on trains were generally helpful and kind.	1
" about the prospect of this first leg of the journey 'riding out into the monsoon',"	1
 albeit I wanted to try for a route with better roads this time).	0
 and even rode on roads that minutes before had been drenched.	0
more or less) was great – four lane national highway without much of a glitch.	1
 Highway 33 to Ranchi was half OK and half absolute shit!	1
 the road to the Great Trunk Road (still highway 33) was pretty good and nice (some great winding four lanes through hills to boot.	1
 And then the Great Trunk Road to Varanasi was just easy (being national highway 1 and the pride and joy of Indian roads).	1
' About 100 meters up the road I hit a round about to take me out of town and voila – there on the corner is the Barapida Royal Enfield dealer – one of the new modern flash places that have sprung up all over India as part of the Enfield renaissance that is happening in this country.	1
Each time I shout “you fucking idiot” to some crazy driver who has performed a death defying overtake or come at me by driving up the wrong side of the road (as they do – and this is a bit terrifying when its a large truck and you have just pulled into that lane to pass another truck!	0
"000 kms in two days (no mean feat on Indian roads – although my record is 1,"	0
" within mere minutes of stepping out of the train station,"	1
" We left the train station in search of the ‘Grand Bazaar”,"	1
" that the road was closed,"	0
" Roads are completely packed with vehicles of all shapes and sizes,"	0
 We now have a 13-hour overnight train to Agra to visit the Taj Mahal!	1
" it would take a while because the roads were so bad,"	0
 The roads were very congested.	0
 the driver pulled over to the side of the road and some guy jumped into the van.	0
" the road had been completed demolished in order to make way for a trolley line or something to that effect,"	0
 We did run into some road construction – they were hand painting the lane lines and the shoulder –hand painting!	1
 Single very white female walking the streets of India alone with no train ticket.	1
 a full train to Lucknow.	0
 Top bunk in AC3 for an overnight journey with lovely company.	1
" Smiling at the brilliance of the Indian train system,"	1
" Smiling at the beauty in the train walking,"	1
 The train journey finishes with a final early morning nap in Pathankot.	1
" My three day journey is almost over,"	0
 literally no more than 500 meters from the train platform.	1
 horns and road blocks.	0
we had almost come to an end of our trip and the same car would take us back to the station for our overnight journey back to Kolkata.	0
 We were ahead of most of the traffic on the roads into Kashi and were dropped off with our guide at the main entrance.	1
We ended the morning maneuvering our way through a number of more alleyways until we came out to the central road and found our car waiting.	1
 We were lucky to travel along India’s newest highway the Yamuna Expressway.	1
 this road provides a link between Delhi and Agra at a speed of 100km/hr.	1
" The roads are a hodgepodge of cars,"	0
 it is called highway with tolls.	0
" We took another night train and this one had its own misadventures,"	0
 My train was due at 6am and Amy was due to fly out a few hours later so I said my goodbyes and headed off to the station to get my train.	1
I had a little issue with my train ticket.	1
 It was still only mid afternoon and my train not until 8:30pm but I’d seen and done everything I wanted too so I asked him to take me somewhere in walking distance of the station that served beer.	1
" I had to wait hours at the station for the train and was constantly approached by drivers saying they could drive me to Delhi instead and it would be quicker,"	0
 so got some food and just waited for my train back on the platform.	0
 where we decided to share a tuk-tuk to the train station.	0
The overnight train to Varanasi was a fourteen hour trip.	0
" The train stopped for twenty minutes only,"	0
 ready to disembark as soon as the train stops.	1
 and Bishal sorted our transport for us.	0
 just down the road from the hotel.	0
 as the road was closed to vehicles unless they paid a fee.	1
 to catch the overnight train to Kolkata.	1
We endured another bone breaking trip down that awful road back to the bus station this morning.	0
 which we've done at every bus or train station we've passed through.	1
 Tonight we're meeting on the rooftop for dinner before heading to the railway station for an overnight train to Varanasi.	1
 It’s about 1:30 and my train leaves that evening at 8:30 back to Delhi where I will take a Taxi to the airport to meet some Polish traveling companions who are also going to the yoga school in Dharamsala.	0
 The train station left a lot to be desired and it was packed!	0
 I just took it as a hoop to jump through and prayed that no one had ill-fated plans for the Jhellum Express train to Agra that morning!	1
" After finding my train car (not as easy as it was made to sound) I bumbled my way through the narrow corridor and plopped in my seat—more praying,"	1
" We finally start moving and I watched the train station platform turn into dilapidated homes,"	0
 Three train personnel told me so—can’t help but feel they wanted to make sure the poor white girl got off when she was supposed to.	0
After being met from the train from Varanasi to Allahabad by a TLM driver we spent the night at the TLM Guesthouse over the road from the hospital.	1
Our train from Delhi to Varanasi was meant to arrive at 11 am however as the train was five hours delayed leaving Delhi it was given low priority which meant every train behind us we had to let past.	0
 Our train therefore took an ironically ungodly 16 hours to reach Varanasi.	0
 It was only when the train finally left the station that we began to relax.	0
 Andrew and I slept soundly in our bunks despite the train constantly stopping.	0
 We whiled away the journey watching House on the Netbook (thank you Smelly and Cat!	0
Yesterday morning at about 06:00 I was awoken by the calls of the Chai wallah (man selling sweet tea) walking up and down the night train selling sweet smelling Chai.	0
 The gentleman in the bed opposite told me that the train was not going to be stopping at Agra Cantonment despite it being on the schedule.	1
) and un-padlock our rucksacks at speed before being turfed off the train at the next station.	0
To get to the Taj Mahal you have to take an electric shuttle bus up the road to the main gate.	1
"After a sleepy journey we finally arrived safely in Agra and,"	1
Throughout the day bodies covered in orange silks and garlands of orange flowers are carried above the heads of friends and family members through the small windy roads from the main streets to the burning ghat near the river.	1
For several days I took in all of the varied emotions of Varanasi before finally making the 130km journey to the Kumbh Mela in Allahabad.	0
 Millions upon millions journey here to wash in the Ganges to be absolved of all of their sins.	0
 which I had learned was at the end of Tulsi Road in Sector 7.	0
 We drove down the metal plate roads for what seemed like forever until the road ended.	0
 at every crossroads and lining most of the roads were posters and banners for different gurus and their camps.	0
 These were placed every few blocks whereas urinals both men and women’s were placed next to the road ever few hundred feet.	0
"The twenty nine hour train journey that we undertook to get to Varanasi left us understandably exhausted,"	0
" which included watching a body being transported to its site,"	1
" When we left the hotel to catch our train later that evening,"	1
" our hotel had arranged porters for us right to the train platform,"	1
 To say that the next twenty hours in transport in plus forty five degree temps was gruelling is a massive understatement.	0
" the worst had come and passed waiting at the train station in Varanasi,"	0
LH is in a quiet residential area about 1km from the main market and 3km from the train station.	0
 relatively clean and architecturally shows it’s Muslim roots) to catch the train to Jhansi where we will catch a rickshaw to Orchha (in Madhya Pradesh) for 2 days and then it’s onto familiar turf – Delhi & Jaipur before flying out.	1
The train journey is uneventful though we get delayed right at the end so don’t get to Jhansi until 7-10pm – 40 minutes late.	0
The roads are pretty good and we get to the Fort View Hotel at 8-00pm.	1
 The half demolished buildings are due to a road widening that started 6 months ago.	1
" we have a train from Jhansi back to Delhi at 11-30 pm,"	1
35pm train to Delhi.	1
30 am at Nizamuddin train station (the terminal stop for the train from Jhansi).	1
 This is the first time that we are glad that the train is late as we should have been here at 5.	1
15 am to get our train from New Delhi station to Jaipur for the Elephant Fair today.	1
 This was after a young couple had stopped in their car to offer us help or a lift as they had seen us walking down the main road at that hour looking for a cab.	1
The train starts here and our coach (2 A/C coach seats) is filled with about 40 young girls from Waverley school.	1
 and we take a double decker train – the first for us in India – at 6 am for an rather uncomfortable 4.	1
 Sikkim then took an overnight train to Varanasi.	1
 although he lied to us about some roads being closed and overcharged us.	0
" then went downstairs to figure out how we were going to get train tickets to Jaisalmer (our next desination),"	0
 Scott ended up having to go to the train station to buy us taktal tickets while I stayed behind and blogged.	0
" the owner of our hotel drove us to the train station free of charge,"	1
" but our train arrived soon enough,"	1
So in the words of Journey “we took the midnight train…” from Delhi to Varanasi.	1
 Turns out the midnight train deserves the title “takes no prisoners” far more than the city does!	1
" This train orders you aboard,"	1
") This involves signing a waiver to say you won’t blame the train company if you get ‘poisoned,"	0
The journey’s a long one and we arrived in Varanasi after more than 12 hours travelling.	0
train station it seemed we had been transported back to India circa 1930.	0
 and no roads in sight.	0
 But there’s also another train of thought you can dive into.	1
" Two Metro journeys for the three of us totalled 130 Rupees,"	1
 At great risk to life and limb we crossed the road into the narrow trafficless streets and bazaars and into the noisy land of scintillating commerce.	1
" just across the road from the three marble-domed 17th century Jami Masjid,"	1
 It's a long train journey and we have to catch the 05.	0
"We continued with our journey to Jaipur a distance of 250kilometres under the careful driving skills of """"Harry""""."	1
 The drive was through a flat landscape with a mixture of different cereals being grown and local farmers making their journeys by camel which seems to be a popular form of transport.	1
 We were out the door early to catch the 7am train to Agra from Delhi.	1
 We organized with our hotel to drop us off at the south train stations.	1
I was excited to be on my first train ride and so was taking pictures of the train station surroundings and exploring a bit the station before the train left.	1
 The train ride was about 5 hours and the train left one hour late.	0
As soon as we stepped in he train we were surrounded by locals for the trip.	1
 Kyle baptized me on my first Indian train ride with a cup of chai from a passing vendor.	1
 Kyle found a very good site to check the train status at raildb.	1
com and so we could see whether the train was late or on time.	0
When our train pulled into the Agra station around 6:00 p.	1
" while transporting items up and down the stairs,"	0
"Unusual sights: A cow being lead along the road - not left to its own devices,"	0
 they blocked the Agra-Delhi highway with parked trucks and started marching the 60 kilometres from Agra to Mathura.	1
Fortune smiled on us and we reached Mathura without any problems - just the usual hazards of ambling cows on narrow roads and an occasional lorry coming towards us in our lane on dual carriageways!	1
" in a quiet road within easy reach of the main sights by taxi or tuk tuk,"	1
" This one's a former farm with fields and arid scrub around it and the journey to or from the river sanctuary,"	0
 the journey went smooth.	1
 but the journey seemed to take forever because we had to go all the way around the aiport and apart from that we had the feeling that we were going back and forth.	1
" we tried to buy train tickets to Agra through the hotel personnel,"	1
" Then we tried to find a ticket counter where we could get a train ticket,"	0
The guy there told us that no tickets to Agra were available for the next morning and offered us private transport to Agra for far too much money.	1
 we learned that it is really difficult to book a train ticket.	0
 A guy from Australia told us that it had taken him about 15 hours altogether to get the train tickets online in advance.	0
 This meant that two lanes of the highway were blocked and the cars going north were on our two lanes.	0
It was a very long two day journey from south to north.	0
" having like 8 hours to spend in Delhi and taking an overnight train to Ramnagar,"	0
 he drove as back to the train station on a main motorway and it was so polluted and we could hardly breath and got stuck in the evening traffic jam and just couldn't wait to leave Delhi.	1
" Everyone at the Kashipur train station was starring at us and everytime we moved somewhere less crowded,"	1
" Two different trains and pretty much the whole day,"	0
 it took to get from the north back to Delhi and as Indu agreed to join us for an Agra trip the following day we decided to stay in a hotel close to train station.	1
 We had to get up at 5:30 of the following morning and I still felt sick and we rushed to the train station and then I lost the train ticket.	0
 thank God Indu ran back and found it and we sat down for 3 hour journey from Delhi to Agra to see the famous Taj Mahal.	1
" As soon as we got out the train in Agra,"	1
" Indu had to leave to catch her train back to Delhi and her flight back to Pune,"	1
 which she actually missed as all the trains were delayed because the whole north of India was flooded.	1
"Then we had to wait for a train from Agra to Mathura,"	1
" which was delayed because of the rain and then we thought we were going to miss our train from Mathura to Varanasi,"	0
" It meant lots of waiting at the train stations,"	0
 cows and monkeys on the platforms and no need to be repeating that it was stinking out there as pretty much the whole train station is one big toilet.	0
 We found our train to Varanasi and our beds and got ready for an overnight 14 hour journey and Davy fell asleep and I think it was the first time ever I actually hated India and wanted to go home.	1
We killed a few hours by getting a tuk tuk around the city until our train that night.	0
" The bus journey was 2 of the longest hours of my life,"	1
" as we got further up the mountains the roads became thinner so much that only one vehicle could fit but they made 2 fit,"	0
 the edge of the road on 1 side was just looking straight up a cliff and the other side was looking down a shere drop off a mountain and of course we got the 2 front window seats.	0
 a 14 hour train jouney awaits us before reaching the holy city.	0
Take Varanasi train station.	1
 that walking down the road can be fraught with olfactory peril.	0
 but the roads in India are particularly reckless.	0
 Varanasi made the traffic in Kathmandu look like a road safety video.	0
"After five days of bedlam in Varanasi we took an overnight train to Agra,"	0
 Our train rolled in at 10.	1
We woke up and were out the door early to catch the 7am train to Agra from Delhi.	1
 The train ride was about 5 hours arriving in Agra 1 hour late.	1
 Because it was Ale's first train ride in India I got some chai from a passing vendor.	1
 I used a very good site to check the train status at raildb.	1
 ending a heartbreakingly short journey for our 50rupee boat.	0
" we slippd down a particularly dodgy looking side road (""""this is not safe place for you"""") and wound our way to an intimidating Muslim section,"	0
"We had booked our train to Varanasi in the morning,"	1
" We scampered onto the metro which happened to be at it's most jam-packed (rush hour) so after an incredibly sweaty journey we spilled out to our departure station,"	0
The train was one of those quinisential 'India experiences' and proved to be well worth the 600R fare.	1
 temples and roads were set up.	1
"The ground was dust so the roads were plank of metal set down in rows,"	0
My train was at 1 so I waited for a bit before heading into the nearby station.	1
 reserved our respective train tickets and went back to hotel to pack and shower.	1
 Once done I headed up into the city and followed a main road back to the hotel.	1
" We got incredibly disorientated after our 24hour door to door journey but were lucky enough to be led through the narrow alleys,"	1
" Another train ride jam packed with burps (nearly into my mouth),"	0
 Charlie received a good luck squelchy and slightly runny token from a parrot right on the forehead - lets hope this means we have a smooth journey on to Jaipur.	0
 The long road down Rajpath leads to the Houses of Parliament and preparations are well under way for the Republic day celebrations on the 26th Jan’13.	1
"Whilst the Metro is a brilliant addition to Delhi transport system,"	1
 the down side is the local folk’s inability to wait to board when a train stops.	0
Then it’s back to catch a cab to the train station for the overnight train to Agra – the first overnight train experience for S&L.	1
" new on the road battery operated mini vans seating 4,"	1
 goats (who all claim priority over the road) and yet in all our time here we have not seen one accident!	1
 It’s amazing that road rage isn’t prominent or the population of the country would reduce pretty rapidly.	1
45 am to catch our train to Jaipur….	1
 The owner was regaling stories of the previous night when some young female guests had tried to sneak out and meet some boys them had met on the train; an activity the owner clearly very much disapproved of.	1
would be the only Europeans with a kindred appreciation of active road ‘participation’.	1
We climbed back into the car and continued our journey; arriving at the ‘resort’ hotel.	1
We reached Mughal Sarai station by an overnight train from Kolkata.	1
 Surprisingly the train was on time.	1
 just wanting to hit the road asap.	1
" I'd been feeling a bit off on the train aswell,"	0
 but had just put that down to a headache from the constant sounding of the trains horn.	1
" the transport to the ghats,"	0
 but coming here shortly after being in Nepal we will tell you we have personally encountered less dust and we are pleased that the roads are well paved and do not have large potholes.	1
 It’s about 220 KM to Agra from Delhi and we found ourselves riding on a road three-lanes wide with almost no traffic.	1
 This is because this highway is a toll road and a twice as costly as the old road.	1
 The gentleman navigating the road for us remarked that the road was “an Indian driver’s dream.	1
 We were on a “toll road” and literally saw vehicles traveling the wrong way on a mostly divided highway.	1
 Women even herd goats across the road while vehicles whiz by at 80 kph.	1
is pedestrians who walk down the middle of one lane of the highway rather casually ….	0
"It was never going to be a great journey down to Varanasi,"	1
" in the earlier part of the journey at least,"	0
 we managed to book a train from Varanasi and travelled by overnight sleeper to Agra.	1
 The train itself wasn't too bad.	0
" public transport or indeed anywhere,"	0
"an early train to Jaipur,"	1
"Allow at least 4 hours to book a train ticket (time required to do a circuit of every desk in the station,"	1
 We’d hardly been on the road five minutes before it broke down.	0
bus to start the journey to the next site.	0
" The idols were transported through the streets in the beds of pick-ups,"	0
" We had another overnight train back to Delhi to finish off the trip,"	1
"The last of the overnight trains in India,"	0
 as soon as the train doors open there is a herd of people going on met by a ton coming off!	1
The road leading to the ruins of Jetavana.	1
 while the human variety is gobbled up by dogs or mashed into the road by the wheels of passing bicycles.	1
Once in Lucknow I get robbed 50 rupees by a rickshaw to the train station to leave my bag for the day.	0
 The train station looks nice with its pastel red towers.	1
 I rode a cycle-rickshaw down main road in what was surprisingly a very modern downtown.	1
 I’m planning on staying in the area before I go to the train station.	1
 Enough to keep me entertained before my night train back to Delhi!	1
Varanasi Junction is the large intestine of train stations.	0
 A climbed in a tempo to take me to the other train station where I would leave my bag for the day.	0
 I followed him down the road and into the mosque.	0
 I waited for my train with a book.	0
 The train was running late (surprise!	0
 He crossed the bridge with me when the train was announced to arrive on the next platform and stayed close.	0
" When the train puffed in,"	0
 The idea of taking a sleeper class train did not appeal to me.	0
 I was transported into a hippie El Dorado.	0
Breakfast was quick because I had an early train and the corn flakes were stale.	0
 The rickshaw driver stopped at a gas station for what seemed to be ages and I finally got in line for a general ticket to Mahoba where I would take a sleeper class train to Allahabad.	0
 The line was long and didn’t move much which made me worried I’d missed the train that was already docked on the platform.	0
The train left at 11:30.	1
 nobody knew when the train would leave but it didn’t bother anyone.	1
" My prayers to the god of trains (there are more than 30 million gods in Hinduism,"	0
 there’s probably one for trains) were answered with about an hour and a half to go.	0
 shampoo and snacks for tomorrow’s train ride.	1
 I had to cross the train station to get to the other side but I was caught in general over-the-top rush hour.	0
 I started working on my animal checklist (First stray dogs: on the highway divider coming from the airport.	0
 we stayed up until the new taxi came to bring me to the train station.	0
The train ride was good.	1
" Our walk down the road to the nearest point that vehicles can get to the Taj (it got discoloured by pollution so they had to clean it with some ancient recipie,"	1
It was as hot as hell and the aircon couldn't compete with the sun and Indian roads have a speed limit of 60km.	0
 186km on good (by our standard) roads took us 5 long hours.	0
 humid environment or being harassed by vendors and people with monkeys (photos) when we stopped briefly to pay road tax.	0
" Travelling on Indian roads is never short on entertainment value,"	1
" along steep mountain roads and flooded paths we eventually arrived at New Jailapurgi Junction to catch a train to Mughal Sarai,"	0
 a train station close to Varanasi.	0
" The train was then 3 hours delayed,"	0
 We then raced through the train to find a spare 3 seats.	0
 which much to Jamie's dismay only have fans and no AC fast forward to a very sweaty train journey!	1
 one one-sided chat with an old woman and countless introductions from people in our carriage and others (seems our fame had spread) we finally leapt of the train at Mughal Sarai where we booked our next train to avoid the status of stowaway happening again.	1
We journeyed into Varanasi in a Tuk tuk (sat in a few still not driven one!	0
After a couple of nights in Amritser I got a train to Delhi.	0
" I was in 2nd class air con for the 6 hour evening journey and while on board enjoyed tea,"	1
 pastries and sandwiches that you can eat and of course a fine selection of Indian and international teas – perfect before heading off by train to Agra to have another lot at the Taj Mahal.	1
" even the simplest task such as going to book a train ticket becomes an energy sapping saga as the heat,"	1
 transport used and even hotel rooms.	0
" The attention received on leaving a train station etc is sheer madness and like a scene from Rocky as people chase you down the street refusing to take your 'no thank you's,"	0
" Scammers stand outside train stations and tell you the train is cancelled,"	1
" The train stations are horrendous,"	0
" Since I needed to catch an early train on Monday morning,"	1
" It was useful that I did because when I mentioned that I wanted to stay near the station because I had to catch a train the next morning,"	0
 the guy asked to look at my train ticket.	1
" that my train was actually leaving from Hazmat Nizzamudin,"	1
 The train was due to leave at 9:20am but I got there at about 7:45 - a bit over cautious in retrospect.	1
 The train was also almost an hour late in leaving so I had a long wait on the platform where I had some breakfast (vegetable samosas!	0
The train duly arrived in Agra one hour late but this time I still had the whole afternoon so there was no rush.	1
 Before leaving the station I decided to reserve a seat on the last remaining train that I planned to get which wasn't yet booked.	1
 Agra train reservations office was much more civilised than the one I had to use in Amritsar.	1
 So we were stuck at the side of the road for a good half an hour at least.	1
 So after another long wait at the side of the road we were finally on our way.	1
for breakfast and did a little more touring of forts and Temples in Agra before we continued our journey onto Jaipur.	1
" The road houses on our travels always served curries,"	1
 the ordinary roads and the long distances that we travelled.	1
" We were picked up at the Delhi Airport and transported to """"The Connaught"""" hotel in New Delhi."	1
 which you sometimes see being transported around the streets in Varanasi.	1
our journey home I had an interesting conversation with the boat driver about his children who were similar ages to marco and Nikki.	1
"Well the train Station a Patna was on par with New Jalpaiguri with respect to the dirtiness,"	1
" The overnight train travellers were in need of a toilet,"	0
 Poverty was very evident and the lack of infrastructure in the organisatiion of water and the roads was evident.	0
" The seasoned traveller stormed out of the car and up the road to find out what the hold up was""""."	0
it appears that there was bamboo across the road put there as a protest to the lack of water to the region.	0
 We journeyed on with one more stop before we reached Varanasi.	0
 we pulled off the side of the road for out bush camp that night.	0
 Lorries were stopping on the side of the road to stare and locals from all the surrounding villages came for a gawp too!	1
We drove through the dark (I don't envy Adam driving those roads in the pitch black!	0
"the road we managed to block it in both directions,"	0
 so i should'nt be late to catch my train from delhi station for agra.	0
 Well it is a war to locate your train and then board in.	0
" i heard annoucement that train is on time,"	1
 train came and i got my seat.	1
 the train took 3.	0
" the train stoped at Mathura station and i bought some famous """"mathura ka peeda"""" to complete my breakfast."	1
" The train station was a mere 5 minute walk from our hostel,"	1
 The train station was easy to navigate and before we knew it we were sitting in our cabin of the train at platform 3.	1
 The train itself was not fancy or overly comfortable but we had a place to sit and a window to enjoy the views that passed by.	0
As we sat waiting for our train to set of on the 3 1/2 hour journey to Agra we enjoyed watching the hustle and bustle of the train station from our safe quarters.	1
My favorite part of traveling in a new country is the journey between destinations.	0
 for we had a place to dump the bags and have a shower before boarding on a night train same evening.	1
" The prepaid taxi driver from the train station to the hotel was all nice and charming,"	1
"About an hour long walk from the Taj to the Fort was along quite a nice road between the two parks,"	1
 Next to the tracks were lines of hoses that are used to clean the trains' toilets when they arrive at the platform.	0
 The journey to Bharatpur Station took us about two and half hours and we were met by the agent who was waiting outside our carriage.	1
I booked my train ticket for the Varanasi - Kolkata leg on the 29th December.	1
Now to wait for the train and wait I did.	0
 but it was closed so we went over the road and sat on floor and had some lunch.	1
 The bus stop is just round the corner on the same Jaipur Agra road I travelled the other morning.	1
"We tried to get the train out of Jaipur but were unable to due to them being full,"	0
s(MISSING)uccess rate with the trains as everytime they are full.	0
 The bus journey went pretty fast as I think I slept most of it only 5 or so hours.	1
 While looking up something later we found this was a common scam by tuk tuk drivers who then go on to charge you a lot for the journey to the correct stop.	0
" On the 2k journey to Taj Ganj where we wanted to eat,"	0
 We paid 100 ruppees for the journey 20 more than asked and agreed he could take us the next morning to the Taj Mahal at 6am.	0
 We got to the west entrance of the Taj and walked the short journey to the gate.	1
This is all part of the journey through India.	0
 the men who seemed to come from the entire length of the train just to stop and stare.	0
 the train stopped dead and didn’t budge for half an hour.	0
 It was a good moment to keep in mind when the journey back began fraying my nerve ends.	1
"Dienstag ist unser erster Tag """"on the road"""" mit Harish und unserem kleinen schnuckeligen Ambassador,"	0
 The roads are crammed with every imaginable variety of transportation from 4 legged to 2 wheels.	1
Day 2 was a long bus ride to the Pink City of Jaipur and upon arrival we were welcomed by decorated elephants in the road way.	1
 This ascent in our bus was on a one lane two way road with steep drop offs and not for the faint of heart driver.	0
Both Chris and I were thankful that the train ride was comparatively peaceful and blissfully uneventful.	1
"After showering away the dirt and the cold acquired during the night train we jumped on a bus destined for the town of Fatehpur Sikri,"	0
" This entailed a steep three hour descent by jeep down the mountains of Darjeeling to NJP train station,"	1
 where we would then board a train for a further twelve hours.	0
Our joy to be off the platform and on the train was short lived.	0
" as were the bunch I was faced with on the train this time,"	0
" The soldiers were still aboard and it transpired that our train was much delayed,"	0
" By the time we arrived in Varanasi the train was a total of fourteen hours overdue,"	0
 dirty train ride was a proverbial “nail in coffin” with respects to my health.	0
 tedious hours on the train passed I mentally checked out but Chris managed to make friends with some particularly lovely fellows from Assam.	0
Our journey was slowly but surely nearing its end.	0
 The train quietened and we were fooled into a false sense of security.	0
 gleich an der Hauptstraße vom Highway kommend.	0
" Première expérience de train demain,"	1
un guide pour les trains 550 Rs alors qu'on l'a achete a 35 Rs.	0
The journey here was very long and we left on 3 February by sleeper bus (9 hours) to Hyderabad and then took a train from there to Varanasi (28 1/2 hours).	0
 The train journey was good.	0
We are here until 9 February when we will take a train to Delhi for our last 3 days in India.	1
" the rickshaw then travelled a couple of hundred metres down the road and stopped at the ticket office where the guy in the front guide started following me to the ticket office,"	0
 the train journey.	1
 we took the train to Agra to see the Taj Mahal.	1
" On the train we made friends with two cute kids,"	1
" to whom the train seemed to be a big adventure playground,"	1
 helped the journey pass quickly and really brightened up our day.	1
 we had planned a relaxing evening before catching our 13 hour night train to Varanasi.	1
 our plans were derailed when we found out that our train was no longer passing through Agra and that we would have to travel 60km by taxi to another town to catch our train!	1
" We finally boarded the train and tucked ourselves in for the night,"	1
" Apparently the train had been stationary for several hours overnight,"	0
" we learnt that the train was about 6 hours late,"	0
Next day we drove back to Varanasi to board an overnight train to Agra (arriving at 5:00am this morning).	1
"Another 18-hour train journey,"	0
" red-dirt roads) is that some underworld Mumbai Muslim gangs were threatening to murder him if he came to India,"	0
 The Hindus believe if they have their funeral here it is a direct road to Heaven and all followers must make a pilgrimage once in their life to dip in the Ganges River.	0
"It was an interesting journey in our charabanc,"	1
 Elyse likes to come up with catchy names for each mode of transportation and naturally this instantly became the vomit bus to Agra.	1
 All along the road there are signs of Indian culture.	1
 I have just enough time to book my next train to Ajmer which is the following morning at 4.	1
 I get to Agra train station and find that it is the worst place so far for staring which I find so strange given that it is probably the biggest tourist destination in all of India.	1
 I hook up with an English couple sitting on the platform and chat with them whilst we wait for the train together.	1
30am to catch a taxi to Old Delhi train station.	1
" Arrived in Ajmer around 1pm and was instantly hounded outside the train station by rickshaw drivers shouting 'Pushkar bus stand,"	0
 The clerk at the enquiries office inside the train station had told me that I should just have to cross the road and catch the bus from beneath the clock tower so I assumed the rickshaw drivers were merely exaggerating the distance to gain some business.	1
 sticky and in pain only to find that I could have hopped on the rickshaw from the train station for 5Rs (about 6p).	0
"Starting to get a taste of the real India now - the journey from the airport was an experience in itself,"	1
" After a 30h train ride through India (which was comfortable and relaxing for the first 25 hours and just plain boring for the remaining 5h) - but overall,"	0
" Then we'll start to head to Varanasi Junction to get our train to Agra - which is our next stop,"	1
 Instead of getting the train for one hour we decided to get the bus for five and waste time like this rather than waiting at the train station.	0
 We finally got to the train station (nearing 11pm) to find our train delayed for 4 hours.	0
 Finally our train pulled into the station.	0
 So some 6 hours to wait for a 8 hour train or something of the like we jacked in the idea of the National Park and made for Varanasi.	0
I boarded the train in Varanasi Junction station at 5.	0
 my train arrived.	0
 It is still dark but the whole train station is alive with activity.	1
 coloured saris laid out on the dusty road to dry in the sunshine.	1
" I wonder if it ever occurred to them that laying freshly cleaned clothes out on a dusty road is counterproductive,"	0
 My train isn't until 4pm so we agree to meet at breakfast and leave for about 9am.	1
 I'm thinking I could head to Rishikesh at the foot of the Himalayas but could also stick with my original plan and go on the Pushkar but getting a train now at such short notice is proving difficult.	1
 We stop at the side of the road for lunch and after a short walk down a muddy street I opt for a samosa and some dhal from a little man making them on his stall.	0
 Myself & Cassie decide to break away from the group for dinner and go to a restaurant down the road - there's a few westerners in there so we figure it must be ok.	0
 I was told it was all ok and that I was booked into carriage A1 seat 38 so I made my way towards the train on platform one.	1
 I quickly realise that this is the longest train in the world and my carriage is about half a mile away.	1
" gently rocked by the swaying of the train on its tracks,"	1
I somehow manage to get off the train at the right station and am again surrounded but hundreds of people pushing to get on the train.	1
 My train has arrived late so I call the hostel to see if the driver can pick me up now.	0
 In this instance I met a Polish couple who were waiting for their taxi to the train station.	1
 I decide to ponder on whether or not the journey to see this monument is really worth the trouble.	0
" It is a stop and go situation on bumpy roads that wind through streets lined with stark views of poverty,"	0
" There is a decent train from Delhi,"	1
 I’m wondering if I should have taken the train and braved the men who want to separate me from my money.	0
Train- 3AC – interesting experience.	1
 We did manage to get some sleep but what we thought was a 9 hour train trip turned out to be 13 hours.	0
 Not sure if the train was delayed along the way (we did stop a long time at a couple of places) or if I wrote the arrival time down incorrectly.	0
"FROM VARANASI WE BOARDED A TRAIN WEST in the direction of India’s pride and joy,"	0
 This first experiment of using the large and complicated Indian rail system was essentially…a train wreck.	0
 After a long uncomfortable wait both conductors convened around us and just at the pivotal moment when they were to send us to the treacherous back lurches of the train (where we would have to squeeze between the sweaty haunches of unfamiliar men for the next ten hours) when I asked to see their paper with list of passenger names.	0
 as one of our berths was far away at the other end of the train car.	0
Thus began our rail journey across India.	1
 Hindu pilgrimage town of Pushkar (navigating the trains more successfully this time).	1
