 contains no water or sugar and is served very cold.	0
"brothers who run the farm are two interesting and engaging men who welcomed us onto their farm and into their home,"	1
is easy living at it's best with hospitality like you can only imagine.	1
 Highway truly smiled and became shining with black color when rain pours on it.	1
 since the Sun god was not kind enough during the last few days.	0
 To our luck the sungod was kind today and it was a nice beginning of the “Seventh day of Navratri (Durga Mahasaptami).	1
 water-logging and all kinds of possible hazards were part of this journey.	0
" all kinds of animals like Cattle,"	1
 I had a horrible experience here and without the help of a truck driver I would have halted here upto midnight.	0
" presently booking of these rooms are comparatively easier thru on-line facility (compared to booking of Guest House in Nagarhole Tiger Reserve which we visited last month,"	1
 Food was being served only at the restaurant and not at cottages.	0
 As I mentioned food was served only at the canteen.	1
 In fact there was no scope of roaming outside the Nagarhole guest house at night.	0
" Thali meal was served with lot of varieties like Rice,"	1
 which immensely helped us at night.	1
" Hence for reaching the Guest House,"	1
" Forest Guest House,"	1
 To my luck it clicked and it was a delightful experience of spending two nights in the Guest House of Nagarhole along with my wife.	1
 Guest House etc were located.	1
Forest Guest House (named Gangotri) is located around 38 Kms from this gate.	1
 Thinking that was our destination I stopped the car but had come to know that the Forest Guest House was around 8 Kms from here.	1
 forest guest houses were located.	1
Gongotri Guest House where we had been allotted for stay was located within few hundred yards from the forest office in a slightly inclined land from the roadside.	1
 There was ample space for car parking in front of the Guest House.	1
 Innumerable tall trees could be seen behind and the left of the Guest House.	1
" A smiling aged person,"	1
" He served us hot food which includes Rice,"	1
" By the time we could reach the check point at Nanchi for returning to our Guest House,"	1
We returned to the Guest House at around 6 PM.	1
Around 8 PM suddenly we saw a huge herd of deer arriving near the open space in and around the Guest House.	1
"He served the hot food of Chapatti with Dal,"	1
 There were markings to help trekkers visiting to the top of the mountain.	1
 Only one person with a khaki uniform was politely endeavouring to prevent those boys but in vain.	0
Feeling hungry we began our journey back to the Guest House.	1
 We had to go back to the Guest House.	1
 while serving lunch intimated he would go to his native place and would be substituted by another person.	1
 We walked to the Canteen which was far away from Guest House to have tea.	1
 Todays feature was the sound of wind emanating from huge tree leaves nearby Guest House.	1
 as if the whole world was plunged into darkness except this guest house and one or two lights far away.	0
 Mysore - 570008 for booking of guest house as per preferred dates and forwarded mail.	1
which immensely helped us at night.	1
" but umbrella helped us a lot,"	1
" Hence for reaching the Guest House,"	1
 around 10 Kms from the guest house.	1
" I really love India,"	1
 loved interacting with the Indian people and have some amazing (and ridiculous!	1
 I have lived in a lovely apartment (albeit it’s had its challenges recently!	1
couk - the charitable trust I helped set up and am trustee of - that supports communities in Uganda (we have made some good progress recently and will hopefully be making a distribution of AFRIpads soon!	1
 working from home and telling the colleagues I needed to that I was leaving (I had some lovely messages back).	1
 The maid hadn’t been in for a few days which made it a bit complicated and I had no idea what to do with the rubbish… The Security Guard helped me figure it out and I took down a lot of foodstuffs for them to save it being wasted.	0
 And receiving the odd random calls from people where you just say ‘hello’ to each other as despite the fact that both are speaking English nobody understands the other!	1
 Both the toll gates were full of all kinds of vehicles in all the lanes.	0
I love to drive thru this highway.	1
 particularly after nightfall without GPS help was not easy.	0
 Roads in and around the temple were very narrow and heavily crowded with all kinds of vehicles and pedestrians.	0
 We had to stay in that hotel for two days and I must mention that the hospitality standard of this hotel was one of the worst I have ever seen anywhere.	0
 The locals near the parking lot helped us to park our car.	1
 To our dismay the rate started with Rs 2000 per hour (off season rate) with an offer of negotiated price upto Rs 1500.	0
 The road was heavily crowded with all kinds of vehicles.	0
I felt hungry and looking for hotels serving Bengali food.	0
Serving of complimentary breakfast was slightly delayed.	0
 Pilgrims all over India gathered here to offer puja and chanting prayers to the lord.	1
 They then helped me do my food shopping in Hypercity and carried it to Noor and the car for me!	1
" Markus and Elin invited me out to dinner one evening,"	1
 I eventually found out (with Noor’s help again) that she was unwell (she’s better now J).	1
" The kind people at work came and took a look at it,"	1
 And then after work I finished off my essay (my lovely colleague Sharon had proof read it and given some good feedback) and submitted it at about 9pm!	1
 made me keep going when I wanted to stop and gave me alcohol if needed J And all my lovely friends who I could never do as much fun stuff with as I wanted to because I was already studying (you have me back now!	1
 Jane my colleague stayed Monday and Tuesday and it was really nice to have a visitor and see a friendly face.	1
 It just took some late nights and a little bit of wine which always helps the writing process.	1
 I think he realised it was a bit amusing because one time when I couldn’t help laughing he laughed with me.	1
 Brian does not enjoy having a maid (I feel quite uncomfortable with it too but I can see how helpful it is during the working week).	0
 I’ve had some trouble too with helping her understand that the key I’ve been leaving with at security is for her to keep… and that she needs to lock the back door.	1
 So I’ve now enlisted my lovely landlords help to explain.	1
 everyone crowded around… I tried to clean it up… nobody would let me clean it up and then the cleaning lady who happened to be nearby gave me the most unimpressed looks… I saw her the next day and smiled and I got another very unimpressed look :/ We also went out to a really nice Indian restaurant called Tandoor with the neighbour Marcus (who we’d met before) and his wife Elin (who’d just come back from overseas).	1
 they even had baked beans but they were too sweet to be Heinz.	1
 Brian cooked a lovely breakfast and the landlord arranged for Biryani to be delivered which was amazing.	1
 I love to drive our Hyundai Xcent car thru highways.	1
"First route was convenient but the second route offered scenic beauty,"	1
 He took his time and in the end we were served freshly made idlis and hot tea.	1
 The place was exotic that we fell in love with the place.	1
 The road was narrow at some places like normal hilly roads but occasionally having heavy traffic with all kinds of small and large vehicles.	0
"Mahabaleswar had many tourist places to offer like temples,"	1
" offering Drinks,"	1
"Apart from all kinds of food stalls,"	1
" Hot chapatis were served with dal,"	1
 We welcomed it since it had happened after a long gap.	1
I write this blog to help me remember things and to keep my friends and family updated on what I'm doing.	1
We stopped for breakfast at a kind of service station.	1
 We had no idea of what to order but went for Dosa which was a kind of breakfast pancake.	1
 You got a sense that this was somewhere that the Indian royalty would greet guest and put on a good show.	1
" I loved it at first,"	1
 Brian couldn’t move his arms above shoulder height… I couldn’t help laughing out loud when the guy told Brian “it’s ok if you don’t lift your arms up” and Brian responded with “Yeah it’s fine… if I don’t use my arms?	1
 We had a lovely chat and he invited us out to lunch with the other neighbours we’ had dinner with the week before.	1
 I love a good sunset.	1
" I should mention that I love fried chicken,"	1
 and loved talking to the people.	1
 I love the little side streets that look like a city in themselves!	1
 a type of Dahl and Sweet & Spicy Balti Chicken.	1
I’m also getting used to having people helping me… (other than my parents… Mum and Dad I can hear what you’re saying now…!	1
") Noor and I are getting there with how we both work… and my lovely maid is great,"	1
 so helpful and Brian has been giving her instructions… not necessarily all the ones needed though as there are some interesting occurrences in the house … First I bought a Guernsey calendar from home and because I haven’t got anywhere to hang it yet… I leave it on the dining table open on April… every day I come home it’s closed again… I wondered how long it would go on for and Friday I came home and it was still open!	1
 Dallas to see my lovely friend Lauren and California to see Brian.	1
 which is an incredible help to the rest of us because she has so many tips and is a great source of professional and personal support.	1
 I love both their writing styles and they will have a different perspective to me) and some new people will join us soon.	1
) and as I loved living in Brisbane I took that as a positive.	1
" We’d had a power cut the night before… which didn’t help packing… but we finished packing,"	1
" I really love that place,"	1
 I guess that’s not that bad but it’s not a Tesco offer price…!	0
" who would come in to help 6 days a week (it can get quite dusty around here,"	1
 who’d very kindly invited us around for delicious BBQ pork (got tips on where to buy meat).	1
 the Mutton Thali ordered by us was served at a lightening speed.	1
 She is perceived to be ever smiling (Hasya –Hassan).	1
" The offerings of flowers,"	1
" The literally meaning of these words denotes that the place is blessed with all kinds of wealth,"	1
We stayed in “Paradise guest house” in Chennai.	1
The rauza from the outside looks kind of similar to the Taj.	1
 the locals love to have a selfie taken with a white person.	0
 Bij had a kind of middle eastern air to it.	1
 a potato dish and a dish with a kind of grain that is in texture more mushy than rice.	1
 The goods on offer included shiny new blue tractors.	1
 It wds served fast food style in small yellow plastic bowls.	1
 but they do not have political power and they no longer play any ceremonial role.	0
 small cormorants and different kinds of small wading birds.	1
 Small break helped all of us to know better as few of us met for the first time.	1
 Kudos to our guide for helping us to explore the Fort better.	1
This incident helped me regain my sense of safety and need to drive carefully.	0
 Watching thousands of Sunflowers glowing in the sun-shine served as a welcome break to the monotony of a long drive.	1
I was surprised to note the respect and love given by the king to his mistress (Ramba) who lied on the one side of the king’s tomb along with his wives.	1
In both the places I took the help of Guides to understand the importance of these structures.	1
 which was not equipped to face this kind of road.	0
" there was a smile around me that kept saying this is not the last day,"	1
 Aihole and Pattadakal are little villages that do not offer accomodation.	0
 people really friendly and the food was excellent.	1
 But they were very kind and respectful.	1
 friendly and had amazing food!	1
 Another attraction was various off-season hotel discount offered by different travel-sites.	1
 Munia went inside to see and offer prayers.	1
" Food was served after a long wait nevertheless it was north Indian type,"	0
" Two /three types of vegetables were served without any limit,"	1
 There are various kinds of house boats and the rentals starting from Rs.	1
 He was a local man and a very friendly person.	1
 It was a lovely resort with an awesome view of the Kudle beach.	1
Gokarna - Kudle beach is no doubt one of the best beach for people who love to go right in and enjoy the waves but the city's beauty is doubled due to its spiritual feel!	1
 Apparently there are many yoga centres offering classes and some even offering courses.	1
 We love the relaxed rules of India.	1
 friendly and don't overcharge foreigners.	1
 He offered to take us to all these places and more.	1
 We declined his offer and asked him to just drop us near the palace where we could get food.	1
 It seems the trick here is rickshaw driver’s offer extremely low priced journeys but will then earn commission for taking you to 'recommended' places.	1
 with a very basic menu selection but offering a unique experience we took a seat inside.	1
 All meals here are served on a banana leaf and diners are to be ate with your hands.	1
" P was served a poppadom,"	1
"The locals here were friendly and not too pushy,"	1
 this rickshaw driver continually offered us day tours.	1
This guy was very rude and insistent.	0
 In the tourism office (located in Virupaksha Temple) we found out they were offering bicycle tours around the ruins as the distant between them was not very far (despite what many rickshaw drivers tell people) plus we would be given a guide providing information on the history.	1
 That annoying rude rickshaw driver.	0
" This was a lovely past time here,"	1
Children in orphanages face the same challenges although many orphanages do play a parental role when it comes to this to help their children and young adults move on.	1
 I got an invitation to travel with him.	1
" After a lovely dinner at Gokak resort,"	1
 we bought some fresh regional sweets called Kunda (famous in Belgaum) and Kadardant (popular sweet of Gokak).	1
"Greetings from Mysore,"	1
" as I think they could do so much for the place if they spruced it up a bit and added a few friendly faces,"	1
" All that stared back at me was the smile of a traditionally-dressed Indian girl in the one painting,"	1
I was also amazingly enough the only guest there for my two-night stay.	1
 I realised we had pretty much done the safari in the area that we had walked on on foot (without any kind of weaponry protection) that very same morning.	1
" “skin jelly” and a superb souvenir bottle-opener/key-ring (which I shall be using very shortly to help me open my newly-arrived,"	1
My wife helped to navigate me with “Google” and GPS in hand.	1
 Offered “pranaam” to Lord Shiva and our journey began.	1
 We love Tibetan food but there was no time to search for eateries.	1
 We offered prayers in temples.	1
"I’ve been back on the land for two weeks and all kinds of things have happened since,"	0
 The first few days there were kind of boring to me but then I decided to go out and explore on my own.	0
" There are literally all kinds of people there,"	1
 Every Saturday they have a Farmer’s Market and a Pizza Night at YC which attract all kinds of people.	1
 The first time I met some people volunteering at Buddha Garden who invited me to join them the following Monday.	1
" visiting a permaculture farm called Solitude (where they host concerts and offer meals cooked with a lot of their own vegetables),"	1
" After that night I couldn’t help but feel sad at the thought that it would all be over soon,"	1
 It’s really helpful to have someone around who’s more familiar with the way things work in India (haggling with the rickshaw drivers especially).	1
 The memories of these natural beauty remains in the heart and mind for long and gives us enthusiasm to go back to our work of daily life and makes our wait sweet for the next venture.	1
We will love to come back to Goa by this route again and obviously stop for the lunch there.	1
" I’ve also helped the auroville guys a few times though,"	1
 Yesterday Philip helped me make ‘my first steps in natural building’.	1
 which has really helped me focus on being where I am.	1
 willing to help and always smiling.	1
 any guest or neighbour who had one fell victim to my persistent pleading.	1
 this blog could help a first-timer.	1
 and the road was lovely (with gentle up and down slopes).	1
 The 15 kilos of extra weight that I always carry on my self didn't help matters either!	0
 as long as you smile and are friendly to them.	1
 And then there's the tiny girl Gheeta who compensates her lack in stature by having the largest smile I've ever seen!	1
 Today I got to know them a bit better but also 'met' some Indian guys and helped them in the process of getting a 5000 liter water tank up on a stone construction.	1
 The friendliness of the people is also very welcoming.	1
I love morning game drives.	1
 so he offers the remains of our breakfast to the dogs.	1
 and we decline their kind offer.	1
 A co passenger kindly offered us a lift to the main town centre.	1
 On our way back to the hotel we briefly stopped in at St Philomena’s Church and the Eco-Friendly Incense Sticks Factory.	1
 It was a warm and friendly atmosphere.	1
 but the people were very friendly and just parted to let us through.	1
 so he banished Nandi to earth to help the people to toil the ground and produce more food.	1
god Lord Surya is offered special prayers.	1
 I loved the floor tiles and extensive stained glass in peacock motifs in the Marriage Pavilion.	1
 on some special festivals the whole palace is lit up in lights and everyone is welcome to come into the grounds to see it.	1
" I love seeing local people enjoying their own city,"	1
 The rooftop restaurant setting was quite lovely and we had an enjoyable meal of aloo gobi (potato and cauliflower curry) with butter naans (leavened bread cooked in a wood fired oven) and parathas (naans stuffed with potato).	1
 and there was also a very lovely ambience to this place.	1
We had been invited to an early dinner at a local family home.	1
 The couple’s two grown daughters had come over to help cook for us.	1
 so I’ve only been having a small serving – which is a first in all my travels!	1
 The owner James was a very courteous man.	1
 We took the one that offered us a bed first with a lovely email: the Villa Camelotin Whitefield.	1
" We were welcomed by the hosts Yamini and Raghu with a big hug,"	1
 huge smiles and a steaming cup of hot chai.	1
 It was the warmest welcome we have ever had by arriving in an accomodation!	1
 Later we were invited to Shilpa's home to meet her mum and her brother.	1
 Herewith we want to thank them again for the lovely evening!	1
 We love Bangalore.	1
 We love these kind of cities where there is not much to do from a touristic point of things.	0
"Bangalore has showed us a different kind of India,"	1
 We did not want to be rude and started to play the game with them.	0
 We really felt extremely bad but there was no chance to arrive on top of the hill in 1 day with being friendly to all the people.	1
 We bought some offerings for a pooja at a stand from a friendly lady outside the Cheluvanarayana Temple.	1
 We were welcomed very friendly - our room was small but looked clean and ok.	1
" They immediately offered us a new room,"	1
 were very friendly and even helped us to move our unpacked stuff.	1
 We bought some offerings for the pooja and went in.	1
" the guests were totally mixed (some locals,"	1
 remoter places around Mysore as this area is considered to be kind of a holy area with lot of sacred places and a special energy.	1
" The owner was very friendly and chatted with us - well,"	1
welcome us.	1
 Our next destination is a place where we have been already 1 year ago and which we loved: Mysore!	1
 We were kind of shocked.	0
 They do not show any kind of emotions.	0
With Nijams help we found the correct sleeper bus to Chennai.	1
 I decided to be safe and go to the hospital as I did not know why I had this problem.	0
" it was a private hospital and the first thing I thought was: """"oh my good,"	1
 but the open fire helped a lot.	1
 The other guests were a great mixture of indians and westeners and we were all talking and exchanging our stories.	1
 It was kind of funny to celebrate christmas in the buddhist temple together with hordes of indian tourists.	1
 We loved every second.	1
" I do the chivalrous thing and offer to swap with her friend,"	1
"I find a guest house """"Funky Monkey"""","	1
 Initially you will feel you are in some kind of village.	1
 Initially you will feel you are in some kind of village.	1
 He is lying on the ground(like a dead) and my friend commented he is in love and every body laughed .	1
But the zoo invited us to a fascinating planet altogether.	1
 tales of war and love with its essence of Hindu-Islam Rajput fusion .	1
 Hey ho we will do next time as we certainly intend to visit India again as we're loving it so much.	1
 We chose to stay way down South in Palolem and very pleased we did as it was a lovely quiet resort with a wonderful bay.	1
 cosmopolitan culture and friendly people.	1
") We also had lunch at Parklane hotel in Mysore; they served good biryani,"	1
 despite a late serving time.	0
" Our guest house is set up amidst a lush garden of flowering plants and huge trees,"	1
" We loved the wicked witch rapid,"	1
" served in a bowl made out of dried Banana leaf which comes with chicken,"	1
" differnt spices are used but again served with chicken and gravy - there was salad at the table in the food house but I was not game enough to try it,"	1
 but I am pleased to say I can find my way to some places without the help of google maps and know if someone is taking me for a ride when I get in the rickshaw.	1
" they gave me the warmest greeting I've had so far out on the road,"	1
" I started introducing Improvisation tools to the students to get some idea of what kind of piece I'm going to create with 28 of them on a teeny tiny stage (yes,"	1
sweet pancake with fruit salad then rice and sambal.	1
 it's so sweet tastes like a lolly!	1
 Now I really am finding my feet and loving the experience of this crazy place.	1
 this is ok in fact because it is so warm and lovely a big jump from the bitterness of the Australian winter.	1
 very lovely grounds so lush and green!	1
" only to be greeted by a security man I had no hope in hell understanding or explaining that I was there to work,"	1
 sweet relief I can tell my loved ones I have not died in the flight!	0
 oh sweet silence where have you been?	0
" they later tell me that they love my classes and are having fun,"	1
 it's a real pleasure to be admired and to feel that through a friendly less demanding nature I can see great improvement and deepen the awareness of their bodies with them.	1
" they are friendly and supportive to each other,"	1
"I met a lovely man in the plane on the way over,"	1
 He invites me over friday evening after I finish work.	1
 the students support and love really picked me up and we did a slow massage/stretch class as they were tired and to be honest I had little energy.	1
 still after they leave I feel lonely and I am grateful for the invitation to stay the night with a friend.	1
 Nice guy we had a lovely chat and he took me down what I can only describe as the most dangerous road I have ever been down.	1
" I arrive at his door and his wife greets me with a tray with contains a sweet smelling candle,"	1
 the universe really helped me when it sat me next to this man on the plane.	1
 all I needed was a little help and a little love.	0
 these beliefs permeate the political and legal classes.	1
The farm we were staying at had four lovely dogs.	1
 Our driver was lovely and everything went well until he started telling us about his life and the guilt trip kicked in.	1
On the plus side he did help us out getting a package posted home so things werent too bad.	1
 Our guy helped us with all of this and we probably paid more for the sewing up part than a local but still only cost a few quid.	1
 we decided if we got on (after the stampeed of people) we would have to take it in shifts to sleep and not take any food or drink offered to us as it would most likely have some sort of sleeping drug in it so we would fall asleep and wake up very robbed.	1
 The bus for that night was full but our guy sorted us on the next nights one and was so kind and helpful to us.	0
 We enlist the help of Mr Ali who conducts vigorous conversations/arguments.	1
 we are kindly offered tea or coffee.	1
 the lemon serves to dilute the otherwise undrinkable concentrate of tannin into something halfway tolerable.	0
" we assume he is an officer but as he’s not in uniform he could just be a helpful passer-by) informs us with a grin that we are the first foreigners they have ever had to deal with,"	1
" Mr Ali has offered to drive us to the airport in the morning,"	1
" Surprisingly we were not offered a receipt,"	0
 but instead wander back to the car through the numerous stalls selling trays of fruit and flowers for temple offerings and a range of cheap plastic toys and souvenirs.	1
" We wander upstairs and a cleaner offers to show us the Viceroy suite where,"	1
 so we sat in the deserted coffee lounge and were served in solitary splendour.	1
 and was seeking to offer his services as a guide no doubt for an outrageous fee.	0
 We made the mistake of saying hello to one of their number who felt brave enough to accost us.	1
 with every remaining child wanting to greet us and shake our hands.	1
" All very friendly though,"	1
 all ridiculously attired in one way or another and exchanging a polite “good morning” in some sort of show of solidarity in the face of adversity (etiquette has to be maintained you know).	1
" an invitation from a fierce looking transvestite to enter her shop which is politely declined,"	1
 The cafe is run by Nepalis and serves tasty food of the sort that saved our lives in Tibet where the local food was unspeakable.	1
 Fake sadhus wander around offering to have their photo taken for money.	0
" offering a range of faux rural Indian pastimes for the Bangalore city dwellers – camel rides,"	1
 The manager offered to bring hot water upstairs by the bucket load but somehow that didn’t seem like much of a solution.	1
 but dinner can be ordered in and served on the marble table.	1
 I spent much time warning him that the satellites could fall from the sky and the Internet could breakdown whilst happily following his GPS I Phone and using his various apps to help me identify various onward travel options.	0
"I loves a good beach I do,"	1
a pleasure Thanks Padma Guest house.	1
 For sunset we were taken to a lovely spot on the hill where priests were chanting the Ramayana 24/7 there is never a break they never stop there are always 2 priests taking it in turns oh and using a microphone so its loud even if no one is there.	1
 broke the fly screen and stole them – would so have loved to have seen him in action the bugger so smart and as Terry says something he will never do again.	0
We packed early and went for a last dinner and walk about this lovely town it would be a very early call the next morning 5 am departure as I am nervous and we needed to confirm we were on the train.	1
" lovely food,"	1
" friendly people,"	1
" all kinds of smells and colours and,"	1
 we spoke to so many people who simply loved their time in Mysore that we finally decided to check it out.	1
 Of course not - we loved it and could have stayed much longer.	1
The owners were very nice and helpful and with the ricksaw it is just a short ride to town.	1
 as we both love talking ;-)).	1
 We loved the detailed wood carvings with marble.	1
also trying all the famous sweets in coffee shops.	1
"We are still swanning around in luxury; lovely Thai dinner last night,"	1
 The staff are just lovely and did I mention the beds?	1
 The father was a friendly ‘Tevier’ type of character.	1
They served a lovely bhiriani of chicken and nuts.	1
 One grandchild ‘helped’ Andrea read through the book several times.	1
500 guests as the husband was a ‘big’ business man.	1
" We found a lovely auto-rickshaw driver who would give us the meter fare,"	1
I am loving my time at the 40K plus pod here in Maralakunte.	1
 I am loving it here though.	1
"Pod time consists of the welcome song,"	1
 where we generally break up into smaller groups to help the kids with conversational English.	1
 Coconut water helped us refresh ourselves whenever we were tired with cycling.	1
" he had a woman housekeeper who cooked and served the most delicious food,"	1
" He was slightly odd being mine host as he had dinner and breakfast with us as he said he did with all guests but never asked us anything,"	1
" We went for a walk in the local village and were warmly welcomed by everyone we saw,"	1
"Our hotel was offering a 'gala' dinner for New Years Eve,"	1
 Our driver was parked up just a few feet away and he wouldn't have been offered anything by the hotel and no doubt there was loads left over.	1
"It was a lovely journey,"	1
with a lovely colonial feel.	1
" we didn't always get the best photos but it is amazing how friendly people are and willing to let you,"	1
 as always a lovely chap was at the airport from Indian Panorama to assist us.	1
" we will miss the incredibly welcoming people and the lovely weather,"	1
 There are guests sunning themselves or smoking on the porches.	1
 harem pants and other hippie-ish clothes that soon help us blend in with the crowd.	1
" Yet another invites us into his shop filled with drums,"	1
 We exchange hellos with other tourists.	1
 It is friendly and non-intrusive.	1
 It feels like we are looking at them and with our hellos we are really agreeing ‘isn’t this wonderful?	1
 The microwave owen and fridge in the room helped us in the process.	1
 this place offers a lot.	1
 This peak offers very nice panoramic view of the Tungabhadra region.	1
 For History and Architecture lovers: Hampi and nearby places offer most of what Hampi is known for.	1
It definitely helps if one has a personal transport since the temples are situated in different directions and to make it to all these places in a brief span of time can be strenuous and tiresome.	0
 The one thing I can’t comprehend (in Karnataka) was the smallest glasses (plastic) used for serving tea at many places.	0
" we removed everything and each one helped other for finding leaches from the body,"	1
 A lovely places to camp.	1
" Having had this kind of hassle many times before,"	0
 we decided to sit on the platform with a cup of unbelievably sweet tea and wait him out.	1
 it also served as a great way to escape from the craziness that was on the other side of those walls….	1
" invites to tours and what not,"	1
 Why were we putting ourselves though this kind of stuff?	0
" There we had presentations from couple of people and were given a tour of the Testing facility - pretty sweet to see all the latest and greatest tablets,"	1
 we were greeted by the street vendors.	1
 it was the Catholic church as the ladies who greeted us were all nuns and the picture in their buildings were all Catholic murals).	1
 Selco is a solar panel distribution and service company that helps to bring light to the rural poor.	1
" Selco offers an abundant of aftermarket services and they often will provide service to competitor’s panels as well,"	1
 A service that Selco offer is financial counseling.	1
" They assist people with taking about a loan and filling out the paperwork – essentially Selco helps to establish a poor person’s relationship with a bank and a credit history,"	1
" It also helps to establish trust with the customer,"	1
" Selco prefers NOT to serve the institutions,"	1
" Another reason to remain focused on the rural poor is to help these people who are completely left out of the economy,"	1
 One such product was the 3M Car Care shops that help to service the vehicles on the road.	1
 we were served lunch.	1
 They served up some appetizers and coke.	1
"order to help better predict and manage wind energy forecasts,"	1
those ever sugary – sweeter than sweet and much sweeter than I expected.	1
 but they were very helpful and talkative.	1
" About how Bangalore used to be so lovely with lots of gardens,"	0
 It was a lovely guest house and I had one of the terrace rooms with a lovely open terrace with it.	1
 We were staying at the Orange County and had a lovely villa all to ourselves with a pool at the back.	1
 then on MG Road with the area manager from South and chose this lovely green South Indian saree for my mum.	1
" We would walk down once for lunch at a Chinese restaurant and I would be amazed at the cosmopolitan nature of the city and some lovely salons,"	1
 Philippines and Thailand etc but I’ve never had a man offer his services.	0
 I needn’t have bothered with the food as I was in a corporate stand and food was served between innings.	1
The rickshaw driver decided to help himself to 50 rupees more than we’d agreed.	0
 which was lovely and relaxing.	1
 which gives these women machines which helps to increase the production of string.	1
" The other guests were exclusively Indian,"	1
 a kind of puffed up bread which is delicious.	1
 just because I could-Harry Potter in Hindi is a fascinating experience; mirror which helpfully asks ‘am I smart’; and the best shower head I have seen in a month.	1
 Unfortunately we had all the windows open and Ali and Alex received a lovely face-full of toddler pee to finish off our very eventful weekend!	1
" and was greeted at arrivals by Veena and her friend,"	1
" stopping at a small street stall serving panipuri,"	1
 This is then served on a banana leaf 'saucer'.	1
 Such a lovely story line.	1
 We had rung ahead and booked a room at a Hotel (we thought was a family Guest House) called Le Vie en Rose.	1
One thing we discover early on is that M’s Hindi isn't going to be much help – most locals only speak Tamil and some English.	0
" which many travellers have said is really lovely and laid back with the usual blend of Indian mysticism,"	1
 It’s a bit of a local institution with staff that seem to have been there since the day it opened – the guy who serves us is really sweet and attentive.	1
 An impression not helped by the heavily over cast sky.	1
light breakfast at the Guest House and get to the bus stop to get to Mysore.	1
 We reflect on this and realise perhaps we were perhaps being influenced by the weather and judging Ooty by our experiences elsewhere rather than accepting what it has to offer us as visitors.	1
 The Nilgiri Tea plantations give a lovely colour and texture to the landscape; the land is fertile and green with fruit and vegetables growing.	1
We are persuaded by a “tout” to try the Aishwaraya Residency nearby rather than go to our chosen hotel as it offers free wi-fi and various other amenities unlike the one we were going to for the same price.	1
" It’s not quite worth the journey in our view – but Indians love gardens,"	1
 the guy serving us that night clearly didn’t like our presence in the place so ignored us for ages till his boss had to tell him off.	0
 A complete shit head compared to the guy who had served us really well the previous 2 nights.	0
 Their speciality is a vegetarian thali served on Banana leaves – a dying art in India.	1
 This will help you to trace the route on the rocks.	1
We were lucky to have a local guide who took us straight into the water fall through all kinds of funny zig-zag path.	1
 It serve as a place for workshops and seminars.	1
 we bought some famous Mysore pak from the well known Guru Sweet Shop across the street.	1
" He was very friendly and helpful,"	1
" and were immediately greeted by at least a dozen rickshaw drivers who were so eager to take us one place or another that they literally blocked the door to the bus,"	1
 we got one strangely low offer after another – one guy even said he would drive us for free.	1
 helping to put our surroundings into perspective.	1
 I couldn’t help but go over and talk to him.	1
 a lack of bathroom stops (I had the lovely opportunity to relieve myself on the side of the road at 2:45 a.	0
" A weekend away in a lovely city,"	1
" with lovely people,"	1
 More lovely open air to breath.	1
" We took a paddle boat ride in a lovely pond,"	1
 A man on the side of the road surrounded by a cluster of helping hands.	1
 But I ache to think of how long it probably took for medical help to arrive.	1
" Our host came out to greet us immediately,"	1
 showing us to our incredibly spacious and clean room and then serving us masala chai in her living room.	1
 our wonderful hosts served us fresh papaya along with chai and cookies (which they didn’t charge us for) and sat down to talk with us for awhile.	1
"Most of the hosts we have lived with had lovely homes,"	1
One of the first things that we were told when we arrived in Indi is that the ‘Guest is God’ and Indian people look after their guests well.	1
 welcomed into the family and made to feel like an old friend.	1
 I only hope that the hosts in the UK can live up to this when they welcome the Indian GSE team.	1
 It wasn’t just in the home though as every person we came across welcomed us and showed a real interest in finding out about us.	1
 To us sensible and polite Brits this is complete and utter rudeness.	0
" and serve food to everybody,"	1
" and more and more men now help around the home too,"	1
 He also said I was more than welcome to stay at his house but I’m sure he would live to regret that!	1
 I’d like to maybe use some of my vocational skills out here and work with organisations to help them deliver their communications or Corporate Social Responsibility projects.	1
(b) Go and buy him a cigarette to help him enjoy his moment of post self-gratification.	1
" the """"seasoned hippies"""" offer tattoo services,"	1
 We were served lots of tasty food and they were such good company even though the little one had a cold.	1
" which would be brilliant for people who love nature,"	1
 this apparently helps keep the tree free of some diseases.	1
" I would love to stay longer,"	1
I’m keeping this one short and sweet too as we are on the last leg of the trip and taking a little bit of time to relax and reflect on our time in India.	1
 Locals and international guests are flocking here and it’s easy to see why.	1
 travel and expenses to help encourage attendance and perhaps we can learn from this in the UK.	1
 we were greeted by our old friend Devdas who has bern in touch with us throughout our trip.	1
" After a lovely catch up and evening of cultural entertainment,"	1
" which was lovely (thank you Rekha) I have been fascinated by the bond that families have here,"	1
 we were warmly welcomed in Karkala and immediately started another programme of visits.	1
hospital teaches students and is associated with a medical college under Manipal University.	1
 It was a bit like an open house where people were welcomed into the home and were able to wander round at their own pace.	1
"The hospitality everywhere we go is overwhelming and we are always sad to say goodbye to our hosts but we are looking forward to the next,"	1
 we were able to listen to the rest of the guests and keynote speakers.	1
" the bakery owner friend of Nicola's has invited Nicola and Emily for dinner and me,"	1
I think we have all learned to expect the unexpected on this trip but my vocational visit to a government-run hospital and medical college in Shimoga certainly put me to the test.	0
 the boys go to seek paid employment opportunities and the girls often have to leave to get married if their parents are offered a good match before they finish their education.	0
 The management institute encourages entrepreneurship and they work with the local Chamber of Commerce and private businesses to offer placements and experience.	1
 It was a lovely park to walk in and I wish I had somewhere like this to walk round every day.	1
 The centre was established in 2007 by a gentleman whose aim in life is to serve others.	1
 The owner will do anything and everything for the people he welcomes into the centre.	1
The owner’s dedication to help others is humbling and I hope that local communities continue to support his work.	1
 Rotaract is helping them to progress.	1
We meet a 32 year old woman who was a resident here and now helps the younger children.	1
 And they have staff to help with the cleaning too.	1
 Our hosts live by the mantra that ‘the guest is God’ and are keen to feed you lots of food.	1
 It was very good to be out in the lovely weather.	1
"While in the Belur region we also visited some friendly Rotary clubs,"	1
" I welcomed the opportunity to stay in the middle of a coffee plantation,"	1
 The first of these was to a 90-bed private hospital that is part of an international chain of hospitals providing world-class healthcare.	1
 ensuring that guests are referred as necessary for the most appropriate form of healthcare.	1
 There is no doubt that it has also helped to build their confidence.	1
 These include a school and a vocational training centre where they teach poorer people English and hospitality skills before giving them a job in their chain.	1
" This will be our sixth set of hosts and we are welcomed with garlands,"	1
 This is a genuinely lovely family and I’m sure that I can learn a thing or two from them while I’m here in Shimogga.	1
 sweets and juice at a supermarket and it only cost 80 rupees (about £1).	1
 it makes me very emotional and it’s hard not to offer them the money in your purse.	0
 The pepper which they also grow here helps to keep the business going.	1
 The Nandakumar family have been lovely hosts and it has been great spending time with them here in their home.	1
I gave Dr Geeta a copy of Northern Farmer as I thought she might be interested to read about the agricultural sector in England and she was very kind and gave me a lovely silk scarf.	1
Maria and his wife kindly took me for lunch at a lovely Chinese restaurant called Hao Ching and we shared chicken chow mein and BBQ pork.	1
 We are all a bit like kids in a sweet shop looking through the beautiful colours and designs.	1
" A lovely Rotarian called Keshav takes me along to the Star of Mysore newspaper,"	1
 I woke up on New Year's Eve to a lovely morning birthday breakfast from Tamzin Demant!	1
" It’s lovely to enjoy some sunshine beside the pool,"	1
To say that we have been welcomed is an understatement.	1
 In India a guest is like a god.	1
 but I think they have offered us every type of southern Indian cuisine.	1
 who are hoping that clubs in District 1190 will partner the Mangalore North club in applying for a matching grant to help them to buy a bus to ferry students across Mangalore to get to school.	1
" We have also heard about work in the field of health and helping youngsters with solar lamps for when there are power cuts,"	1
" a cancer help initiative and a play school,"	1
 Suffice it to say that we have been impressed by their enthusiasm to help those less fortunate than themselves.	1
" patients always had a smile on their face,"	1
lovely Tibetan restaurant and when I ask for the wifi code it is freetibet2013.	1
 and they still contain all of the E numbers that were removed from our sweets at home a couple of years ago!	1
 We explain that they are good for our economy as one of our biggest tourist attractions and that their presence in 2012 helped to unite the nation during a difficult period.	1
 The twenty elephants here are owned by the Karnataka Forestry Department and used to help move wood in the forest.	1
 Emily and Nicola brave the cold water and help to scrub down the elephants as they bathe.	1
 they seem to be looked after well and we are able to help feed them some of their daily food intake (and they take a lot!	1
environmentally friendly farm retreat which is still trying to establish a reputation as a family resort which is sustainable in every way.	1
" Everybody is just so kind and I have really enjoyed my time with Punit,"	1
 The hospitality I received from them was amazing and it was so kind of them to share their home and their life with me for the past four days.	1
 and are welcomed with sandalwood garlands which smell amazing!	1
We all meet up at a lovely modern hotel to enjoy some dinner.	1
The hospitality was heart warming and I look forward to seeing them again at the end of January!	1
" I loved the mixture of the old parts sitting in between huge apartment blocks,"	1
 nothing is wasted as the broken nuts are used in food and sweet products.	1
 It’s a lovely modern and vibrant city and I really like it.	1
 They are both lovely and we offer them some advice about the weather!	1
" The people welcomed us warmly with flowers and then told us the plan for the day; a pineapple farm,"	1
 as well as having a beautiful guest house.	1
 We are invited in and given a garland of varnished nuts.	1
 The Government used to collect road tax annually but now ask for 15 years worth in one go to help fund projects.	1
 I love the story behind third company.	1
" He trains them and offers them accommodation,"	1
 What a lovely family they are.	1
 including two sweet courses!	1
 It was built by a lower caste to offer an opportunity for everybody to worship.	1
 The school does not receive any Government funding and they are hoping that Rotary International will help to fund a new school bus for them.	0
 The children are amazing and welcome us with music and garlands of flowers.	1
 as she greets the principal of the school.	1
 They have a lovely home and welcome me with yet more Indian hospitality!	1
"It has been a fantastic final day here and I really love Manipal and Udupi,"	1
 She has been an excellent host and I have loved sharing her beautiful home.	1
"The Indian people are so friendly and hospitable that they insist on feeding us,"	1
 Everybody welcomes us with more artificial flowers which are made by the residents to help them develop their life skills.	1
 The vocational training offered allows some people to go on and lead independant lives and find a job.	1
" I met the mother of the family in their house and even though her English was non-existant she was very kind and welcoming to me,"	1
 It was here my 2nd meal of the day appeared in the form of more dosas with a sweet filling known as Chana Dal witha side order of freshly roasted cashnew nuts and chilli tikki banana chips.	1
" I love to see cultures of many,"	1
" I am kind of lucky to have stumbled something like this but I had to walk about two kilometers down the road,"	1
 which I found them very friendly and corporative to my request.	1
" all because for the love of their culture,"	1
All of the guests who are invited will turn up for just part of the ceremony as it lasts so long and takes place on various days of the week.	1
 invites us to his home and tells us that he and his wife had an arranged marriage and married two months after they met.	1
" We were all greeted by female Rotarians,"	1
 Her own mother worked for Mithra for more than 20 years and Mithra greets the little boy like he is one of her grandchildren which was very nice to see.	1
Everyone we have met is SO friendly and it would be impossible to name them all.	1
 People are so genuine and friendly out here and go out of their way to make us welcome.	1
 This is the first night we've not been staying as a group and although we were all aprehensive at initialy parting it only took a few moment to be in the host home to feel welcome and part of the family.	1
 We were both taken round the hospital which their father founded - Sonia Clinic - and saw their offices and consulting rooms.	1
"Both our hosts are members of a local Ladies Club which meets once a fortnight and we were lucky enough to be invited to their first meeting of 2013 and greeted once again with open arms and many """"Happy New Years""""."	1
 It also helped being in such a cool place.	1
 Air conditioned balcony rooms with fantastics views are a welcome sights after a 9 hour overnight flight!	1
Tomorrow we have been invited to attend a Hindu wedding in the city and witness the main part of the ceremony.	1
" I'm full of lovely food,"	1
 We were all welcomed to the club with coconut juice fresh from the coconut but the lunch we enjoyed with the hosts from D.	1
 We are all a bit excited as we have been invited to a traditional Indian wedding tomorrow.	1
"The kind moustasted man with the newspaper sign with my name splet wrong probably made it a little easier last time,"	1
"When i arrived at the peace child office i was once again greeted by Viji,"	1
We've been invited in homes.	1
 after travelling around the cities and towns of India Hampi was a welcome break from dusty roads and extremely busy city and town centres.	0
 We stayed across the river from the main town and after a 9 hour bus journay and a 13 hour train journey we were gladly met by the first person who offered us accomodation across the river.	1
" I fell in love with this killing beauty,"	1
 Its windy peak offers unhindered views of impressive mountain ranges and valleys of Coorg and beyond.	1
 inviting the beholder to walk along them and lose themselves in the mystery that the depth of the hills seem to convey.	1
 One of the respected monk Penor Rinchoppe put the platform for the monastery with the aim of helping those relocated monks.	1
" munificent kindness and indignant rudeness,"	0
 India: our first love; the one country – to date – that we can never imagine tiring of.	1
" Chennai immediately welcomed: simple rail-links to the city centre,"	1
 the cheapest of which offered us a room for 400rp ($8).	1
 Then a wizened old man appeared - don’t you just love them – and offered a place for 200rp.	1
"with minimal homeless curled up for the night; far less red-jacketed coolies than normal in evidence; and – tragically – chai no longer served in handmade,"	1
" followed typical Indian railway standards: got chatting to friendly engaging locals (Ali obviously got to hold a baby); attempted – in-vain – to refuse proffered contents of tiffin tins; dashed off at stops/pauses for additional snacks,"	1
" helpful people; a stunning – particularly when illuminated by its 100,"	1
" Help came in the delightfully unexpected form of a young rickshaw driver: no lift required,"	1
 always declining his offers of cheap prices to the sights (it’s actually a good hearty walk to Chamundi hill for its panoramic views over the city).	1
are transported back to that fleeting period when India’s beaches hit their tourist zenith: dispersed and discrete enclaves of beach huts that are almost invisible from the lustrous bays and yet serve all possible – backpacker - needs.	1
" smiling faces,"	1
" Bidar proved to be worthy of the effort: a bustling town with friendly inquisitive locals including a sizable Muslim population,"	1
"e) All round backpacker price-friendliness: current thinking would beLaos but we’re still saying India,"	1
 loves attention.	0
 and invite you to bring light to the mistake.	1
 you are greeted by this fantastic monolithic bull.	1
" Hampi is actually home to a one-of-a-kind nandi (a very small one,"	1
 but I like to imagine there is a giant chocolate-loving snipe roaming among the boulders of Hampi.	1
 much love from India!	1
" we were welcomed by a beautiful view,"	1
 too (maybe he was not allowed to help me with that part?	0
 but I can't help but be grateful that we were not left at a toilet in the middle of nowhere at night.	1
" a mob of business owners surrounded us,"	0
" There were guest houses everywhere in the little city proper and it was the off-season,"	1
"Meals served Mango Tree-style,"	1
 and were almost immmediately greeted by a crowd of locals and a sprinkling of foreign visitors like us.	1
 which served us delicious food on banana leaves.	1
" There's a long term guest from Switzerland staying at the homestay,"	1
 and the friendly Indian owners made me feel very welcome.	1
" But the important thing is that Indians are an engaging and friendly nation of people,"	1
 who will do what they can to help travellers get by in this complex country.	1
 and bumped into several friendly Indian people who were happy to stop and chat.	1
" I was pleased to greet the friendly staff again,"	1
 just simply marvelous that made me smile with wonder.	1
"Last minute another expat here for only a few weeks invited me to go to Mysore,"	1
" it was disgusting; and not the regular kind of digusting,"	0
" caught our complimentary breakfast of North Indian cuisine (fluffy rice pancakes that kind of looked like uncrustables,"	1
 Any foreigner would have missed this place if not for the help of the locals.	1
 People can leave offerings and take blessings there.	1
" a couple times people (mostly children) would say """"hello"""" to me and giggle when I smiled and said """"hello"""" back."	1
" A duo of girls came up again after going through the hello-giggle performance and shook my hand,"	1
 A thorough and solid declaration of my love for the deliciousness that is gulab jamoon (with ice cream) and for the man who first made it.	1
" It is usually served with ice cream,"	1
 stand on a table covered in rangoli-like artwork and the preists (or whatever they're called) will wave some incence in front of the statue and offer you some sacred water to splash on your mouth and head.	1
" The priests offered a silver platter with a burning lamp on it,"	1
 then they offered him the bowl of sacred water.	1
 I think they weren't quite sure what to do with me; even though I ate lunch with them and Kiri and they smiled whenever I wandered around it looked more like one of the nervous smiles I see when people don't know what to expect of you here.	0
 but I would have loved to tool around by myself for several days.	0
) The male actor is good at brooding and occassionally flashing glimpses of teeth in a small smile while sneaking glances at Geet.	1
" After dinner I washed my hands and face in one of the washbasins they offer in South Indian restaurants,"	1
 On one hand I love the idea of eating my food with my hands.	1
 The first is that the workshop hosts decided to bring a menagerie at lunch to entertain us guests--not an unlikely scenario considering the immense hospitality I've seen here--and the second is that I skipped out on the conference.	1
" smiled and said """"very nice."	1
 I smiled back and said thanks every time.	1
" so once I'd purchased my lovely new sari we continued down the road to find Sam and Fae something,"	1
" I was interested to see that in this shop the lady helping Fae with her saris offered her opinion on the choice of fabric color,"	1
 They also offered to hem my sari properly for 75 Rs so I threw that into the bargain.	1
 It's kind of a common theme here.	1
" then cleans it with water and cow dung (since cows are sacred this serves as cleansing and purification),"	1
 Pradash showed us several gadgets that are available to help women make their Rangoli faster since they may have more responsibilities now that just staying at home.	1
" An old lady even helped him with directions,"	1
"Breakfast was served on the fourth-floor Kebab restaurant,"	1
 but it's served with milk and adding two lumps of sugar made it delicious.	1
 The teas and lunch were served in a small courtyard right next to the lecture room.	1
" The naan helped a little (mostly it was just tasty),"	1
" Sam gave me some of her rice which helped too and made it even tastier,"	1
 and the yogurt helped a lot.	1
 we ended up not really communicating and he and his buddy smiled that awkward smile Indian people give you when you're not communicating well or you've done something wrong and they feel uncomfortable.	0
 She smiled and waved back and I turned back around to pay attention.	1
" and waiters kepts coming around and offering bits of this,"	1
" Anytime they offered me something I just smiled and said """"yes,"	1
 an after-meal item meant to help digestion.	1
 This meant that this angry mob was stuck in front of that desk for hours.	0
"After about two hours of hanging near the back of the mob and chatting with friendly Indian people who told me foods to eat,"	1
 and when I asked them if I could dunk my head they smiled and nodded.	1
" One of the Indian professors I spoke with tonight said that Indian people take hospitality very seriously,"	1
 Then he explained that he can help us get a hotel room at low rates in the available vacant rooms.	1
 but we all loved the new place.	1
" which served very tasty food for us,"	1
 looked very clean and have very friendly staff.	1
 They served the hot food in the room.	1
 we met other people who offer the same ride for Rs 75).	0
 they offered us to take to a great market place in Mysore were we can shop as long as we want and he will wait outside for us.	1
" Even though we loved the food at the restaurant in the hotel,"	1
" travel guides - almost anyone you meet would refer you to some of the """"best market"""" that is offering some """"special deals"""" """"only on that day""""!"	1
 a tourist guide who offered to take us to many attractions like Sandalwood factory at a very nominal fee of Rs 40.	1
" I started searching for some kind of """"managed farmland"""" where someone else will take care of all the work and we just need to spend our time with plants and pets."	1
" You cannot build a house to live for practical reasons (unless you love to live in a typical Indian village with no access to schools,"	0
 she simply smiled and said her intention is not to make money out of vegetables.	1
 This is ready to occupy and serves the weekend visitors from Bangalore to this farmland often.	1
• No hospitals in the vicinity if you have an emegency.	0
 Medical help may be too far.	0
 Day picnics and night stays are offered only for the potential customers and people who have contacts with them.	0
 I think visitors from Bangalore and other metro cities who live in concrete apartments would love to spend a few nights in a mud house.	1
There were three eminent guests who delivered their valuable speeches.	1
" coordinating the guests and participants,"	1
 There were two guests who delivered their speech.	1
 honoring the guests with shawls and gifts and doing many other activities on the stage.	1
The road to Sangam is always fascinating with large number of mayflower trees on both sides of the way – as if ready to greet all the visitors.	1
 in next 15 minutes I noticed a wild elephant on the right and the locals not seemed to show any interest as they were quite ‘used to’ with this kind of wild animals.	0
 opposite to the bus stand and helped myself with a cup of coffee.	1
 he smiled and said.	1
 I really fell in love at the first sight.	1
 I was offered to have lunch and I decided to skip as I was ‘too late’ for The Irpu Falls which was some 6kms away from this place.	1
 Pramod offered me a nice option that he would drop me to the falls and once I was done with my ‘photos’ I would give him a call to pick me up from there.	1
 I liked this offer and we started again.	1
 I don’t know why but I am not too friendly with this animal so I got ‘spine chilling’ sensation.	0
 I was in love with this place.	1
 The dinner was served within 15 minutes.	1
 It was like a comfy 15 passenger travel van/bus with sweet blue/green lighting and a great sound system.	1
 I hate it because food is so often a social thing and I frequently find myself feeling rude for having to decline food while others are just trying to be good hosts.	0
" People are always serving food onto our plates instead of just leaving a serving dish on the table,"	1
 We sat in a row along a long silver table and were served some pretty tasty curries on palm leaves.	1
"These receptions have two parts: greeting the bride and groom on stage,"	1
 with kind of a pelvic thrust each time he poured.	0
" Some extra spices and greens of some kind were sprinkled on,"	1
 and we needed Sagar's help because we have had NO success in getting this thing.	1
 a really nice sales guy helped us out and I acutally bought quite a bit from him because he wasn't push at all.	1
 and Sagar’s brother-in-law presented us with some Indian sweets to “take on our journey.	1
" We had made friends with one of Sagar’s wedding guests the day before,"	1
 and she had offered to help us book a car to take us to a National Park just outside of town since we had such difficulty arranging transportation.	1
 with Sagar’s family and his friend doing their absolute best to help us.	1
" It was called “Aqua bar” and it had this sweet underwater theme,"	1
" There were all kinds of cool artifacts,"	1
" It was a bit of a journey but with the help of an iPhone map that Jeff had downloaded earlier and some persistent navigation skills by Vanessa,"	1
" They’ll maybe stare a bit and we’ll exchange smiles and hellos,"	1
 And they always are helpful when we need to ask directions.	1
" I always love to try the local cultural McDonalds specialty when I’m in a new country,"	1
 and Sagar all there to welcome us with big hugs!	1
" but I kind of wanted to wear something different for the engagement (Anjali had a bunch of outfits to choose from and Vanessa was borrowing something from Kamini,"	1
 Kamini's mom had to help and at times there were two people involved in the pleating and pinning.	1
 Sagar's family is extremely nice and made us always feel welcome and taken care of.	1
" Many guests wanted to speak with us and find out what brought us all the way here from Canada,"	1
 I offered him a deal.	0
I love visiting monasteries mostly for the peaceful environment and tidiness which really a 'big miss' in any other Hindu Temple.	1
 I tried to pose a few shots with monks and they seemed to very humble people with a smile on their face always.	1
 with a smile always.	1
 I am in love with this place.	1
 Love you Bylakuppe.	1
" But hello- somebody enlighten me,"	1
 5 as they offer best river view.	1
 Also another staff is always there in a kayak alongside ready to help anybody requiring help.	1
" There is a reasonably priced bar but it offers very limited range,"	1
 he will help you to actually get down on the island for a photo opportunity (we did).	1
" the resort is not in deep jungle as one expects it to be and second it is bit overpriced for the kind of facility and food offered (Rs 2,"	0
 However the staff is very friendly and helpful.	1
 offers wonderful staying facilities.	1
 Even the dining area offers a separate floor sitting area under the trees and lined with cushions where you can have old Indian style floor sitting lunch / dinner.	1
 the room rates were much lower than next door resorts offering same kind of stuff.	1
 both of which you can actually walk through if you love long walks.	1
 Apparently this was where Ram came during his long 14 year old vanvas and met Shabri (the one who offered berries to him).	1
 climb up this mountain is must as top offers a fantastic view of entire Hampi.	1
"fell in love with his court dancer and on her advice,"	1
 then how did the king enjoy hindu classical dance (music and dance are unislamic as per some interpretations) and also so loved the court dancer that she was buried with him?	1
" sweets and coloured pigments everywhere,"	1
" like an offer to play for Mancehester United,"	1
 I was clicking around and was in love with this place literally.	1
Sun was up meanwhile and we had to stop in between to greet him warmly.	1
" All these sites offer abundant opportunities for trekking,"	1
 you will find a nice Arch welcoming you to the hills.	1
 All are welcome (rather encouraged) to do meditation inside the pyramid.	1
" """"Hello my friend."	1
 which offers a relatively peaceful oasis in the middle of the crazy and crowded old city.	1
 and it still offers an amazing vista of the pink city.	1
"Our trip around Rajasthan ended with a lovely 19 hour sleeper train back to Delhi,"	1
 I've discovered that speaking Welsh to people who are particularly persistent helps quite a lot.	1
 I find that I'm pretty much constantly see-sawing between loving and hating this country.	0
 a cow was offered as a gift.	0
 knowing I will shortly be boarding a plane that takes me away from a place I love and have come to regard as home (or wishfully regard as home).	1
" I generally ignore beggars or try to politely and sympathetically tell them no,"	0
 and doing all those cute-8-month-old-baby things like trying to wriggle out of her mother's arms to get to me and smiling each time I smiled at her.	1
 kind of going “What the hell did I get myself into?	0
into your flat and making me a part of the family – it gave me such a sense of security in Delhi and contributed in a huge way to me ending up loving the city.	1
" thank you for taking me out to breakfast on my birthday – it was such a small kindness but an example of where something small means a lot,"	1
" thank you for being an incredible example of the kind of person I aspire to be – you are so real and so honest,"	1
" you are one of the most stellar spirits I have ever met – thank you for your beautifully kind words as I was leaving,"	1
" Tom in Goa – another amazing short but sweet adventure,"	1
 I am so in love with India that it is hard to make it sound any differently!	1
" I have sweet memories and Indian warmth in my soul,"	1
 spicy love in my heart.	1
 The down also has the lovely Agastyatirtha tank with the gorgeous Bhutanatha Temple jutting out from its shore but the real attraction here are the caves.	1
" who was offering us a motor boat for a decent price,"	1
 I am starting to love the Indian trains.	1
 I really couldn't help but like her.	1
 they offered us a choice of rooms and we were upgraded to a club room with a view of the arabian sea.	1
 i specially enjoyed the sweet dosa and payesam and we met the bride and groom one last time and left for mangalore.	1
 a short and sweet trip to mangalore ended with biryani.	1
" After a quick welcoming from the headmistress,"	1
" Other students have organised football games against the locals or have taken it upon themselves to offer their help in teaching lessons,"	1
 Even more nerve-racking is the fact that we will be attending their whole-school assembly and have been invited to sing a song as part of the assembly.	1
 It really did help to hit home how lucky we all are.	1
" One which I consistently ate at is Kurunjis – a tiny outdoor restaurant on the main road about 100 meters from Charing Cross Junction – serves clean,"	1
 with very courteous waiters.	1
" we had to be careful that no riksha driver was seeing that because else they immediately offered their riksha:""""Get in!"	0
""""" One riksha man was offering us to bring us to the beach for 10 Rupees."	1
 He invited us for a tea.	1
 There are sometimes so many staffs for so little guests that 5 staffs are standing around our table and give us new water or rice or anything thats going to finish.	1
eat a lot and offer us after the second portion much other stuff that we have to try.	1
 We were offered a better room with electricity and hot water the whole day for 300R extra.	1
 In germany the hotels would be very lucky if they had so much guests all the time!	1
"She smiled and said,"	1
The small Pondicherry guest was good but they had too many airborne inhuman squadrons in my room.	0
 With a smile he nodded.	1
'So my elder brother does and I will work there one day' and offered his seat.	1
I was surprised with this 'suburb hospitality' that atleast someone heard about my company name here with such respect even my CEO doesn't have for sure.	1
hardly in mid twenties named 'Madhi' greeted me with a traditional Tamilian smile.	1
 I loved this guy.	1
" The only type of advertising that is more numerous than cement advertising is political advertising,"	0
" You literally cannot drive more than 20 metres in any town big or small without seeing some form of political advert,"	0
" I would love to visit an Ashram one day to see how I found it,"	1
" prawns and calamari served alongside vegetable fried rice I thought it would be worth the higher than usual outlay,"	1
 I had been sold a deluxe BBQ fishy dream and had been served a diabolical monstrosity a sewer rat would steer clear of.	1
" I’m not a massive fan of complaining in restaurants and typically take the British view that it’s best to smile and pretend everything was great,"	0
" I did offer however to pay 100 RPS for the prawns as I had eaten them by this point,"	0
" Upon arrival however my mood was picked considerably by news that Chennai had an American Dinner which served bacon and sausage for breakfast,"	1
 I love this country.	1
 I’m sorry to start off in such a rude manner but I’m afraid it really must be done.	0
 On another note we didn’t have a guide for the Trichy temples which probably didn’t help endear me to the temples.	0
 where we were so nicely welcomed and there was no problem with where we could or could not sit.	1
" we discovered the joys of eating with your hands: your food is served on a banana leaf,"	1
 we stepped onto a street and were finally greeted by India.	1
" but it's the kind of chaos,"	0
 all smiling like little children.	1
 ?? You can tell I love the meals.	1
" We only had time for a rest before the well-served set menu dinner,"	1
 The cleaning ladies at the guest house all drew designs outside the door which I took a rather rubbish picture of.	1
 my chef came around greeting guests and offered to make me another dish.	1
 (This happened a little in Chennai also – very friendly and happy to see tourists.	1
Love the vivid colours and wild juxtapositions!	1
Why would she drive her cows through the woods when a lovely clear rail line is available?	0
 Several stalls were doing a brisk business selling souvenirs and objects or fruit to be used as offerings for worship.	1
 Attentive and friendly waiters served the soup and appetizers.	1
 V___ offered to include anyone who wanted in his walk around town.	1
" was lured in and successfully bargained for a lovely pale turquoise and pink shawl,"	0
 Photos and extended greetings all around.	1
" At this point I went into a purple headed rage which wasn't helped when I was told it was only a five minute walk to where I wanted to be which begged the question why didn,"	0
Our 24 hours plus of airports and airplanes wasn’t so bad – I forced myself into a kind of sleep after dinner on the way to Frankfurt.	1
Our hotel (Vivanta by Taj Connemara) greeted us with garlands and juice.	1
 Lovely honey-coloured marble and modern rooms.	1
" but the short version of it is that Santha is married to an abusive husband but can't get out of the marriage and in trying to help other women and serve as an example she is working for the women's organization,"	0
" we broke out into huge smiles and ran towards each other,"	1
" It turned out that she had declined going to her cousin's wedding and picking her husband (who is a monster) up from the hospital so that she could come meet our train,"	1
They loved Mom!	1
" I loved it though,"	1
Spicy love from Hindustan!	1
" not so crowded and you easily find sleeping places ?? In restaurants the food is served on palm leaves,"	1
" Every newcomer was greeted with the words:""""."	1
""""") e l'accesso ad una fonte di acqua calda con cui poter compiere la abluzioni quotidiane; una coperta di lana verra' prontamente fornita dalla guest-house,"	1
"A lovely surprise awaited me at check in – I expected to be upgraded,"	1
"Mid-morning and time to check out the breakfast offerings up in the lounge,"	1
"an invite to a private cocktail tasting event down in the Spiritual Bar on the lobby floor,"	1
" I was greeted by the usual mass of humanity but what struck me most,"	1
 Wearing sunglasses is a great help – they can’t tell if you see them or not.	1
 His love for sculptures is shown in these temples.	1
" The Chandella rulers had tried to distinguish politics from religious and cultural activities by establishing their political capital in Mahoba,"	1
 are a way of giving importance to wellbeing and love of life.	1
 The erotic art at Khajuraho is considered to represent the pinnacle of love and passion.	1
"the right kind of wood for these cremations (sandalwood for example,"	1
" offers a better burn and therefore it is believed,"	1
 Liberating the soul of a loved one is worth running the risk that the body ends up being picked apart by carrion birds and wild dogs.	1
" You gotta love a city which thrives on death – somewhat akin to Las Vegas which can feel the same way on weekends,"	1
" we started moving again and next up we were greeted with lights,"	1
 So we went to different service desks outside the airport to ask if someone could make a call for us (we even offered them to pay for the call).	1
 Walk in guests in India always get discounts and much nicer rooms!	1
" We love it this way - we have had the other life before,"	1
 Paramahamsa Vishwananda welcomed us and all together we did a procession in the streets of Vrindavan.	1
 Our joy and happiness was infectuous and many locals joined in or had at least big smiles on their faces.	1
 welcoming guests and blessing us all the days!	1
 300 saddhus from Vrindavan were invited on the first day.	1
" Our master even offered him his seat (normally,"	1
"If you have questions about Paramahamsa Vishwananda (any kind of questions),"	1
It was such a colourful building and I loved sitting in the gardens.	1
 calling out 'hello' and waving frantically.	1
 I loved the room; the walls were painted in bright colours and the bedding was decorated all over with elephants.	1
Politeness and courtesy aren't things here.	0
 I noticed food was more expensive and served Western style with curry in separate dishes along with the rice and bread that you ordered on the side.	1
 I have absolutely been loving the food over here - even better when it's ridiculously cheap!	1
 They seemed to be making offerings of puffed rice and small white flowers.	1
" They were very welcoming and the children gathered around us waving and saying """"Bye-bye."	1
5 hours in the blistering heat after taking a wrong turning you can't help but wonder is anything worth anything anymore!	1
" Time is well spent visiting this ancient city and commercial quarters and will offer you the range of Banaras sarees,"	1
The caste system is a kind of social hierarchy where depending on what caste you're born into you're basically better or worse than other people.	1
Me and Dave were offered some “Ganga water” when getting blessed in Delhi.	1
According to Hinduism weed and bhang helps you adjust your consciousness and better understand and connect with Shiva.	1
" You can't walk five metres without being offered a tuk-tuk,"	0
"The grounds of the Taj are arranged so all three entrances meet in a kind of courtyard,"	1
" The milkshake helped neutralize the spiciness,"	1
" The hotel offered 4 different types of breakfasts,"	1
On reprend le train demain et le checkout de la guest house est trop tôt demain matin.	1
 It was the sunrise welcoming of the sun ritual.	1
 food was served on aluminum trays and was all vegetarian.	1
 He said that there was a government tourist office that could help foreigners book train tickets and we could get a map of Dehli from there.	1
 We (stupid muppets) thought he was ever so kind and thanked him for his help.	1
 We got to taste lassi for the first time ( sweet yogurtty stuff that you can get flavoured) plus what kind of indian trip would this be without a dodgy stomach.	1
 He greeted us warmly and then led us through some narrow lanes back to his place.	1
 He offered us seconds and thirds and I happily accepted.	1
 we got up and helped him with the dishes.	1
 Bev got up and was helping a young boy who kept getting his kite stuck on the side of the wall facing us.	1
" We sat in this small room with Babaji and a man introduced himself as an """"aromatherapist"""" and offered us chai."	1
 I couldn't help it and laughed again.	1
 I can't imagine what kind of poverty would drive someone to either mutilate themselves or be mutilated by someone.	1
We invited Cho to come along and descended to the lower Vishnu temple and Babaji blessed us and gave us our third eyes.	1
 Babaji had invited me to his place for lunch.	1
" We sat on the floor and were served a delicious looking thali,"	1
 I picked it up pretty quickly due to my competency on guitar and loved the sound of this instrument.	1
 We finally bid farewell to Babaji and I thanked him for the hospitality and company.	1
The next morning we arrived at the river before dawn where we watched the priests greet the sun and the thousands of pilgrims bathing in the River.	1
 A guide offers his services.	1
 A hidden gem and the sort of thing we love finding in India.	1
 David is tempted to say “piss off” but instead gives them a polite “good evening” in his poshest English which gains no response.	0
 who literally mobbed us in their excitement.	0
 Twenty photos and forty handshakes later we escaped into the hammam only to be greeted by another group of children!	1
 We met some very inspiring women who have come forward to fight to stop the sale of hydrochloric acid and help women victims of these horrific attacks.	1
 who helped get the movement started and is now married to one of the victims who is a spokesperson for the movement.	1
 It always makes me wonder who is being genuinely kind and who is looking for some kind of payday.	0
Eventually I dozed off helped by Pink Floyd on the ipod but didnt have a restful sleep and was awake far too early .	1
a little bit Indianed out so went to a lovely restaurant a block or so from the hotel Manchurian Chinese.	1
 There are only 18 of us on this tour but truly it is like rounding up a mob of goldfish in a huge fish tank sometimes.	1
" everything was a taste sensation including the peanuts they served with drinks,"	1
We'd planned a bit of luxury for Agra having found a very good deal at a new Marriott - not the kind of place we would normally choose to stay but it was less than the price of a very ordinary B & B in the Dales and we thought that we might benefit from a bit of pampering.	1
 He tried to explain the conflict between guests staying in the hotel and party guests but he didn't seem to agree that it was not appropriate to hold loud parties that could be heard in guest rooms.	1
 he was concerned that they couldn't be certain when we would have hot water so he offered us a different room at the side of the building furthest away from the music.	1
 make an offering of a brightly coloured piece of cloth and make a wish.	1
 I fitted in a complimentary massage as offered by the manager the night before.	1
 Bon Barbeque in Agra is rediculous value with 3 all you can eat courses of (not strictly Indian or veggie) but really lovely food with all the extras you would want - bang on.	1
" not a tourist in sight but teaming with very friendly punters & nearly everything is in the English language,"	1
" 4 out of 5 wins on my bets from friendly tips made a memorable fun afternoon,"	1
" I cannot help but say there is nothing quite like it,"	1
" gracious living,"	1
 Every Lucknowite is a nawaab … & as a guest to the city one is sure to be treated as a Nawaab too!	1
It is difficult to not fall in love with Lucknow.	1
 And I love it most for its simplicity & for making me the “Nawaab” I am!	1
" watching the fires rage throughout the city and mobs wandering the streets,"	1
" Ayodhya became the focus of a campaign to invigorate extreme Hindu political and religious sentiment,"	1
 resulting in mobs from across the country descending there in 1992 and (encouraged by political puppeteers) demolishing the historic old mosque.	1
 RSS volunteers participate in political and social movements and initially drew inspiration from European right-wing groups (including the Nazis).	1
 I was made to feel very welcome in my street interactions with locals which tested my modest knowledge of Hindi.	1
 a 35 year old who was managing the Government Guest House where I stayed (it being one of two only options for foreigners).	1
 He was an amazing guy with a story I would love to help him write.	1
 on a kind or retainer income).	0
 Julien et moi sommes invités à la réunion de l’association des étudiants africains de l’Uttar Pradesh dont fait partie mon frère.	1
"My friends and I were lucky enough to book """"guest house"""" rooms on the internet from Dehli,"	1
 It was warm (quite important as the nights can be chilly at this time of the year) and we got a great breakfast and lovely pure veg dinner.	1
 It is the city which is full of love - and one can feel this vibe.	1
" People in the street greet each other with """"Radhe Radhe""""."	1
Pilgrims come to the western banks of River Ganges to wash away their lifetime of sins in the sacred waters or to cremate their loved ones.	1
" since expiring here offers 'liberation from the cycle of life and death' our guide told us,"	1
 so that their gods treat/serve them well through their life.	1
 They love sharing the wedding celebrations of their children.	1
" On m’invite à m’avancer vers la sortie,"	1
 l’agent d’immigration l’a invité à rentrer chez lui.	1
"Nous y sommes invités à partager bières,"	1
 Nous sommes pris de court par cette « invitation à la camerounaise » (ou à l’africaine ?	1
 Ravi took us to the Indiana Restaurant which offered some MORE wonderful Indian food.	1
Adil offered to accompany us around the cobbled streets by foot to show us as much of Varanasi as he could in the day that we had.	1
 delayed or that the platform had moved last minute so that they can offer you an alternative mode of transport at an extortionate price.	1
we were welcomed by 2 goats who were tied up INSIDE the house.	1
 had offered to pick us up at 5:30am and be our driver for the whole day for only 600 rupees (£6).	1
 We took him up on his offer and our first stop was the Taj Mahal.	1
" Even after declining one offer to buy something or to take a boat ride,"	1
would see your attempt to relax as an invite to try harder and more insistently than the last.	1
 We both laughed at the friendliness of the people here who seemed genuinely nice and at the same time would not let go of your hand.	1
 They were served in a round clay cup with a wooden spoon and pistachio nut sprinkled on top.	1
 During the boat ride we got talking briefly to 2 young locals lads who invited us to sit with them on the steps of the ghat afterwards.	1
" We're generally quite wary of any local being 'friendly' but gave these guys the benefit of the doubt,"	1
 Ofcourse we had to ask him about the flea markets and water sports and politely he told us to visit again when it was not Off Season.	1
 offered a tip to driver which he refused saying that hopefully our reunion will be a memorable one and that we should cherish these memories for life .	1
 None of this can be helped so you just have to be flexible.	0
"Anu had helped me by carrying my bag,"	1
 Anything helps after this length of time!	1
 It is all the sleep I have had that is helping me to recover!	1
 It's seemed like a welcome change!	1
 the love and compassion that brought it to be.	1
"I still loved that I went to see it again,"	1
 It offers them the opportunity to regain confidence to move on in their lives.	1
" is kind of lost when you hear it was her 14th child,"	1
" you couldn't help but think """"that poor woman"""" surely they would have stopped earlier given the increased risks."	1
" part of the fort was actually destroyed by angry Hindu villagers (with the help of the newly arrived British),"	1
It was lovely to walk around and admire this beauty but in the sun the marble floors were very hot.	1
 These guys somehow appeared to get by and they certainly didn’t need our pity but we couldn't help but ask ourselves 'what had these guys like many others done to be in such a rut?	1
"We asked some local people who smiled at us,"	1
" The people were friendly enough to arrange a space for me to sit on a top bed,"	1
" with a guest from the hostel,"	0
" I carried all my things to this waiting room and asked this friendly-looking couple and their baby,"	1
 I bought sachets of ORS (recommended by a former class mates from Curaçao who is a doctor now) to help me rehydrate.	1
" showing many newspaper articles about Indira’s political achievements and her original clothes,"	1
" hospital stays in Chennai),"	0
 I know she can't help it but I also didn't like having to wake her all the time either then neither of us gets a good sleep.	1
We reached the hotel which was a welcoming sight for most.	1
Chris the guy from Belgium kindly offered the spare bed in his room should the snoring get too much.	1
Back in the room I had a lovely hot shower whilst Molly was sewing her trousers flicking through the tv channels.	1
 The Sikhs welcome everyone from every religion (even people without any).	1
" Even one Indian told me that I am a """"problem"""" and should stay in a room (and that he can offer a room for 500 Rb."	0
counting his money at the other side of the counter glass without answering my polite inquiry.	0
 very polite and we started a conversation.	1
 They invited us to join them to a guest house.	1
" In that guest house,"	0
 I feel the first wave of a kind of reverse culture shock.	1
 Home sweet home.	1
 The food was lovely but it took ages and quite a lot of people's orders were mixed up.	1
 They were all filthy but smiling and laughing and wanting us to take their picture.	1
 we were invited to remove our shoes and go upstairs where we would be shown lots of different silks.	1
 He offered us tea and it was actually a nice relaxed environment with plenty of time to look and appreciate the product with no hard sell.	1
I would have loved to have bought a sari.	1
 A couple of the girls were measured up though and looked lovely in their new silks.	1
" How I loved hearing from those back home,"	1
" To grow up in a society that says it's rude to stare,"	0
" as I wasn't constantly thinking 'Daryl would love this' or 'I'm so gutted Daryl is missing this' apart from the Taj Mahal visit,"	1
 and until redundancy was confirmed in June 2014 that question mark only served to get heavier and heavier.	1
" I'd had 3 different jobs in this time including the one I loved in Aldershot,"	1
 It really put a smile on my face to hear a lovely Welsh accent as opposed to the grating Canadian I'd endured so far.	1
 It was so cleverly designed and built from red sandstone and it was just a lovely place in general with beautiful gardens and flowers.	1
 Everything was brought fresh to the table and it was kind of like an all you can eat.	1
 which was really lovely and clean.	1
" It was still a lovely sunny day-perfect weather,"	1
" There were touts everywhere offering to take your pictures for money,"	1
" there are two kinds of travelers: the first are those who want to go to India,"	0
" kind of unexpectedly,"	0
 Spoiler alert: the three of us actually fell in love with our guide/driver Sunil.	1
" And it didn't help that we were getting this first taste of driving in the pitch dark,"	1
be greeted by these gentle giants and their colorful chalk art.	1
 it's one of those things that you couldn't help but notice because the reflection was so pretty and eye catching.	1
" I loved the latticed windows,"	1
" I loved that it looked like art or a painting,"	1
" You have to wear these funny looking hospital shoe covers when you go inside,"	1
" you will love garlic nan,"	1
 We loved our guide/driver Sunil.	1
" I think we both helped each other finally accomplish this dream trip,"	1
" always smiled and agreed,"	1
 it seems almost rude to ignore them and walk anywhere yourself.	0
 masseuses and barbers offering their services etc etc.	1
" We both needed a masala chai (spiced sweet milky tea) to warm up,"	1
 really loved the architecture and design of most of the areas we visited.	1
We started with masala chais (spiced sweet milky tea) to warm up!	1
 This tomb that Shah Jahan built for his favourite wife has always symbolised a great romantic love that ended tragically – prompting many cliches like the whole ‘teardrop on the cheek of eternity’ thing.	1
 I can’t escape the fact that the love story is intertwined with jealousies and lusts for power within a highly dysfunctional family.	1
 I loved the practical aspects of the fort’s architecture and the clever and beautiful additions that converted parts of it into palaces.	1
" I love buildings and spaces that have a lived-in feeling – and quite strangely,"	1
To start we ate at the hotel and I was feeling much better (thanks to a couple little pills to help stop things).	1
 They had these holes in the tops of some of the walls that they used to pour hot tar or oil down onto the incoming ramps to help prevent invaders from making it too far into the complex.	1
But there is motor cycle service to help in exchange of Rs 100 for single trip.	1
 Alongside the Samadhi various gardens are situated namely PhoolBagh and Ambedkar which serve as the rendezvous point for the residents and tourists alike.	1
The zoo of the city is well known for its proper upkeep and kind treatment to animals.	1
 and provides a welcome accommodation alternative to those wishing to visit Varanasi but not be immersed in it 24 hours a day.	1
 50 who will help you to visit all the renowned places around.	1
" After arriving into the train station we decided to walk to our guest house by the bank of the Ganga (Ganges),"	1
" the area the guest house is in,"	1
 We reached the guest house over two hours after leaving the train station.	1
"The room at Mishra Guest House was basic but at 300 rupees a night it was fine,"	1
 The magic was slightly undercut by rogue trinket salesman rowing up to our boat and offering to sell postcards/statues/birdfeed/opium though it was perhaps the first time I was genuinely impressed by their determination.	1
"After arriving back at the guest house we had breakfast before packing up and heading to Sarnath,"	1
" After spending several hours attempting and failing to get US dollars for our entry into Nepal (here we were helped by a kind man with no expectation f anything other than a photo at the end,"	1
 clarifying that not everyone in India is out for our money) we decided to head to a place recommended by Connor called Jyonti Guest House.	1
 It was very much at tourist prices and offered a wide range of excellent food.	1
" It serves butter fish or butter chicken,"	1
 Marinaded barbecued chicken kebabs were served in a butter cream sauce with chapatis.	1
 served as part of a famous biryani.	1
 a local charity helping homeless street children in Delhi.	1
" I guess what makes it special is that it is a symbol of love from a man,"	1
 The breakfast offering was very basic and having handed in laundry on our first day it was returned as we left unwashed because the 'dhobi' had not picked up!	1
 whether talking about politics or out sabbing in the Waveney Valley.	1
" This was bourne out by his help in putting us in contact with other couchsurfers in places that we will be visiting as well as introducing us to another souchsurfing host in Lucknow,"	1
 After reaching the balcony and getting a lovely view across the Lucknow we decided to return to the front gate and move onto another attraction further down the road.	1
"That evening Thapar had invited Ajay and Ritu,"	1
 as their perception is that everyone outside of India eats loads of meat) and had a generally lovely time making fun and sharing conversation.	1
 We went to a local flowershow where we were approached by an old man and his grand daughter wanting to have a photo taken with us and then invited us to have dinner with them.	1
 and helped us navigate our way through the city by highlighting important landmarks.	1
"Biren Tharpa is an unparalled host and his offering could not have been accomplished without the help of Anju,"	1
 Though we were unable to repay them in any true way we hope to carry forward the spirit of generosity and trust they offered us.	1
 It has also inspired us to offer more than just a sofa for couchsurfers at our place in the future.	1
" Lucknow proved to be a welcome oasis that helped us regenerate before moving onward to Varanasi,"	1
 We sat behind the serving counter gluing them on before a man franked them all with gusto.	1
" Perhaps endeared by the lovely time we had at Wongdhen House and the New Tibetan Camp,"	1
 I am happy to have handled the whole thing without too much anxiety and I am proud E has handled this with the utmost kindness and radiance even if it has led to tears for her.	1
" Check the Flickr for photos of some lovely bedrooms and our tired,"	1
 Expiring in Varanasi offers Moksha (liberation from the cycle of birth and death) and is quoted to make Varanasi ‘the Beating heart of the Hindu Universe’.	1
 he flew from the water in shock and ended up in hospital for four days.	0
I am currently trying to find Work in Byron Bay but will be heading up to Cairns for the Christmas time to help out on my old boat with Sunlover Reef Cruises (if you are in Cairns and you want me to take you for a dive come say hi).	1
 Thank you to all of the new readers and if you need any help or advice or just want to keep in touch search Niki Maguire on Facebook and I will happily message you back.	1
 You will be rewarded with drinks of your choice (within reason) and a very helpful friend.	1
 Love to soak in the culture .	1
" Sweets from Vishwanath gali – Lal peda,"	1
 Your trip is incomplete without the traditional meetha (sweet) beetle nut concoction.	1
" Also you will get different kinds of stones like marble,"	1
 It helps to coordinate the ride.	1
 Windham falls: Lovely site after monsoons just be a careful there are loads of leeches around.	1
 What kind of tuk tuk driver doesn't know where things are in the city?	0
" in which I kind of felt inclined to buy a lungi (a piece of material you wrap around yourself like a towel when you're out the shower),"	1
 but all got out of bed sleepily to greet us and make us some beautiful Chai.	1
 Once we settled into our rooms (which were really lovely) we showered then decided to head out for breakfast.	1
 and when I saw it for the first time it was kind of surreal.	1
to tell us that outside guests were unable to use it!	0
We had dinner that night at our guesthouse with a group of other guests that were staying there.	1
" Taylor headed off to the Taj Mahal with some of the other guests and after a good cry and feeling rather homesick,"	1
 it was a short but lovely stay at Aman Homestay and Agra.	1
 It is served in a clay pot that you throw away when finished.	1
" This little man kind of caught my attention,"	1
 I can't imagine the love that someone must have for a person to build the mausoleum in their honour.	1
 with plenty to offer us tourists!	1
Ankur put a smile on everyone's face this morning when he informed us that we are going to Agra.	1
" I love having those conversations,"	1
 I need all the help I can get.	0
" The highlight came when all the serving lads started to do a dance sequence,"	1
 many selling flower offerings to use at temples and on the river.	1
 give offerings and also fill up plastic containers to take the holy water home to use and keep in their homes.	1
" However the lassie was lovely and thick and quite sweet with lots of banana and was quite filling,"	1
Then we went to watch an evening prayer where the trainee priests offer the five elements to the gods and the Ganga river.	1
" She was lovely and very welcoming and introduced us to her husband,"	1
"She and her husband have worked hard to move from living in a one bedroom place at the back of a shop to a lovely little new build home with separate bedrooms,"	1
 a lovely family and supportive husband.	1
" It was noisy with people walking past chatting or on the phone - hello hello,"	1
"hello etc,"	1
" Going from place to place the kids said hello and we had to pick our way through animals of various descriptions,"	1
 just the reception so the lobby was packed with guests and the sound of the party voices and music was coming up from the room the reception was being held in.	1
 You do get your bags checked and a body search so this is what delays things so pack light to help speed things up.	1
 They were deeply in love and rarely separated and married for 19 years I think.	1
 two that he would look after all her children and thirdly to show how much he loved her he should build something to honour her memory So he built the Taj Mahal which is based in the design from a Persian architect.	1
Greetings readers I hope you are well and all is good in your world.	1
 Dush did offer to give me some monkey food and some could feed them but I declined.	1
 one with a real yuk grimace on my face and one of me smiling (fake smile I have to say lol).	0
" We were blessed by a holy priest and given a string to tie round the arm or trunk of the elephant god who the Hindus always invite to weddings,"	1
 It was a lovely showroom but far too expensive for me.	0
When we arrived we were greeted with a garland of marigolds and had the red dot put on our foreheads - I must find out why they do that.	1
 And a welcome drinks.	1
" The local kids were happy to see us and say hello and have their pictures taken """"one photo"""" was the phrase of the day."	1
 sweet mango pickle etc.	1
"The steps started off as lovely concrete jobs and then changed to uneven,"	1
a young lad that was working there came out and offered us free homemade pesto because his boss was away!	1
Once at the top we popped into the temple where people are offering huge bottles of alcohol for blessings.	1
 This consisted of potato cake with sweet lentil curry and a lassi (regular) out of a clay cup.	1
" They're generally friendly and love to be fed,"	0
They appeared to have a love/hate relationship seeing as the snake repeatedly tried to 'get' the charmer with his non existent fangs - beef.	1
We did catch the sunrise (kind of) and felt like we had the place to ourselves before the bus loads of tourists came round.	1
 you either love it or hate it.	0
 mozzies and no see’s bugs on the rooftop terrace– welcome to India.	1
 The Lassi's were lovely; they were very thick and very filling!	1
" But with the young serving man continually staring at me (my first Indian stalker) it was slightly off putting,"	1
and stressed my foot was going to need a total clean out at the hospital for absolutely no reason at all.	1
" they were just people who helped out at the Ghat just resting,"	1
 Apparently they help the families with the dying and dead bodies.	1
 He said that he wasn’t feeling well and was heading to the hospital after he dropped us off but would pick us up in the morning.	1
" A lovely way to travel overnight to Delhi,"	1
 and Shiva promptly told me that I was really nice NOW and good looking when I was happy and smiling lol (I really had been a surly bitch).	1
 He had recommended it earlier that day and said it served really good food.	1
We walked around to Keshari’s second restaurant for dessert just around the corner after we were told they served Kulfi (our favorite dessert).	1
 Of course I said yes (it helped that he was EXTREMELY easy on the eye and had a hot accent).	1
 While taylor was in the toilet I got out to try snap a photo of the monkey but he quickly saw that as an invitation to come closer so I jumped back into the car.	1
 Pilgrims come here to the ghats of the River Ganges to wash away a lifetime of their sins in the sacred waters and also to cremate their loved ones.	1
 Dying here is said to offer 'moksha' - liberation from the cycle of life and death.	1
 I was extremely rude to him about it and was told that it was the only room but we could either A) swap with Jill and Richard or B) move the next day.	0
 They offered to swap but I didn't want to put them out so sucked it up.	1
 I cried myself to sleep and Taylor was kind enough to tuck me in when she came to bed later on.	1
 It helped to brighten my mood when he served me a big steaming mug of Masala Chai Tea.	1
 We invited him to brunch and wound up at Open Hand Cafe near Assi Ghat.	1
 It was a great little cafe that served awesome coffee and I quickly became addicted to their Coffisch which was like a cappucino but had some honey and Indian spices added.	1
 Very sweet (even though it looked like it said Floppy not Happy and they spelt Birthday wrong!	1
We eventually left the Cafe (Taylor paid for my breakfast as a birthday present which was super sweet of her) and wandered back along the Ghats taking photos.	1
 The French ladies were extremely rude but left soon after.	1
 It was a lovely night and I was extremely grateful to be surrounded by new friends for the day.	1
" With the help of a guide,"	1
" This lovely mausauleum was the tomb of a predecessor of Shah Jahan,"	1
"Hello everybody,"	1
" The kind where you can't see two feet in front of you when you are walking kind-of-bad,"	1
 you can tell by the look on my face I'm kind of afraid they are going to bite me or scratch me and I didn't want to make any sudden movements.	0
 What makes it special is the love story behind it.	1
" It was love at first sight for the two,"	1
" She was said to be the most loving and wise woman,"	1
A pretty good love story don't you think?	1
 And still a better love story than twilight.	1
 When it was my turn I was not brave enough to hold the snake so I got as close as I felt I could then smiled to the camera.	1
after the cobra incident we went to a dance/bollywood/show thing that told the love story of the Taj Mahal with acting and dancing and singing.	1
" They love for you to take their pictures,"	1
" Now I have already mentioned the kids and their love for the camera so they started to get right by my bag,"	1
" We invited him to dinner,"	1
 but I did want to mention that I have noticed a certain hospitality here in India that I wish everyone could experience.	1
 I have felt so much love and respect since I got here that it almost puts Southern Hospitality to shame.	1
 I have never felt so welcomed in a foreign country as India has made me feel.	1
 on the opposite side of the river Yamoona to the Taj Mahal where his favourite wife is buried and this gave us some lovely views of the Taj Mahal itself.	1
" what we didn't realise was this lovely young chap who brought them had come by bus,"	1
deeyas (floating oil lamps) offered by devotees to Mother Ganga floating down the river.	1
 We have loved India and will hopefully be back sometime in the future.	1
" Fortunately I quickly found a new travel buddy: a friendly Belgian girl called Louise,"	1
 and offered me a place in the car.	1
 and we had kids running up to our car passing free food through the windows - bowls made of leaves with little chapatti things that had sweet or savoury filling.	1
" The kid that served us reckoned,"	1
" I was welcomed ecstatically into the mob with a handshake from everyone,"	1
 and continued to smile and shake my hand around him.	1
" Every local was smiling and shouting random things at me,"	1
" This kind gentleman offered us a space on the back of his bike to the nearest working one,"	1
" It was mostly friendly and fun,"	1
" One guy invited us to lunch,"	1
 You couldn't help but look!	0
" We arrived in Todri Gahr and was welcomed into an ancient palace,"	1
 they loved their picture to be taken!	1
"Agra fort was the final installment of the love story behind the Taj Mahal,"	1
 I loved Chitwan.	1
 We spent a lovely day with Henry and Haydon showing us about Durbur square and walked upto monkey temple to get an incredbile view of the whole of this awesome city.	1
"I loved india for its colour and life,"	1
 but the proud passions of an emperor's love wrought in living stones.	0
 however the guy was friendly enough and we wanted to see what was on offer.	1
 It seemed where we needed to be was the middle of some kind of friendly riot.	1
 fake ones loved it and charge you for the honour!	0
 he invited me into his house.	1
 The man invited me to sit and rest.	1
The Love Song of J Alfred Prufrock T.	1
" My Guest House is a family home and apart from Deepak and his wife Sanjana (heavily pregnant and looking like a blossoming lotus),"	1
The rooftop is lovely for doing hatha yoga – a sweet breeze is blowing in from the Ganga (which is visible and just a block away).	1
 Nitin is just a amazingly generous socially responsible young man who is always involved in a myriad of projects helping disadvantaged people in Varanasi.	1
 On the way through there is a sweet shop run by Vishnu who I met in 2010.	1
 I buy four of my favourite sweetmeats to have in my bag ready to give some unsuspecting 'friend' as a random act of kindness (such generosity!	1
I walk back through the market and greet Mahindra at his small music store.	1
 Its lovely as it cools everything down.	1
" big smile on his face,"	1
 On this occasion he is talking to a Swiss couple and he invites them to dinner at his house that night.	1
 I observe my reaction to never having been so invited to dinner by Saisi.	1
"I have his address still from a time I had been in Varanasi and invited on a picnic by boat across the river with a dozen Varanasi 'gentlemen',"	1
Eventually I find his friend who leads me to Ranamahal Ghat where the houseboat is moored as a kind of all day (and night?	1
 I am invited to stay for freshly netted fish which have drifted down from the mountains.	1
 I am invited to spend the night but can't quite picture it so I decide to go back to the Guest House.	1
 Rama Guru was still parked in that very spot serving chai!	1
 I buy a small sweet lassi and 100 grams of dahi (curd) from Shyam's shop at Assi Ghat.	1
Only small problem is that there is a wedding the next day next to my Guest House – friends of Deepak and Rajana – so they are availing the area right outside my room to the preparation of sweetmeats for the event – a rather noising undertaking which keeps me awake until 12.	1
The Love Song of J Alfred Prufrock T.	1
 but the people traveling on trains were generally helpful and kind.	1
" generally covered in a kind of mud or ash,"	1
There weren’t so many tourist “sites” to see in Varanasi—it’s more the kind of place to sit and people-watch or think.	1
 By this time we had looked up and learned the most pertinent menu offerings for the area (fyi—paneer/naan=bread; dal=a lentil stew; kofta=meatball or ball of vegetables; korma=a kind of stew or curry; masala=a mixture of spices; aloo=potatoes; pullau=pilaf (rice); makhani=”with butter”).	1
" I smiled as it all came to pass – everything in its place,"	1
 its puri and sabje (fried breads with vegetable curry) for breakfast rounded off with some sweet dahi (curd) and a chai.	1
 I find a goat track which the locals assure me will take me straight to Assi (where I have booked a Guest House the night before on the smart phone – amazing modern technology).	1
 I walk the back lanes and meet at least half a dozen 'friends' and am invited for as many chais and chats.	1
 I love this place.	1
 Another kind of flood.	0
The next day I do my ritual 'thing' with a swim in the Ganga – I find this lovely little shanti place called Lalita Ghat – just me and a newfound friend Gopal (whose age I happen to correctly guess as 59 which chufs him no end).	1
Official looking men with uniforms and id tags greeted us and took us in to the office.	1
" The official offered his sympathies to us,"	1
 and said he would help us find another hotel.	1
 and how great the tourist employee was to take us in and help find a safe place to stay!	1
"View from our guest house,"	1
 “Welcome to India!	1
 Luckily the owner of our original hotel was very kind and did not charge us for the night we missed which helped stopped the bleeding a little bit.	1
" We both love the experience of taking tuk-tuks and rickshaws in India; it is always an exhilarating,"	1
" We apologized and said that we would of course love for him to show us around,"	1
" Sure enough there was his uncle and a couple business associates waiting for us with big smiles and samples of silk scarves,"	1
Lunch was served at a very high end hotel in Agra.	0
 Top bunk in AC3 for an overnight journey with lovely company.	1
 Free Indian food from a lovely family and then falling asleep with a blanket on because the air conditioner is freezing.	1
" Smiling at the brilliance of the Indian train system,"	1
" Smiling at the beauty in the train walking,"	1
 food vendors; serving chilli mixes from laundry buckets with dirty hands and dirty moustaches.	1
 one of the evenings we go to the river front to see the evening prayers being offered known as the sandhya Arati.	1
 lamps being lit and priests chanting and offering arati.	1
 the most famous landmark and sacred site in Varanasi to offer prayers and I pour water on the shiva linga to pray for a good husband!	1
" i remember receiving gifts of sweet supari and masala,"	1
"Today's entry is written by our guest blogger,"	1
 This came in handy several times as she used it to help mask some of the less than pleasant odors we crossed.	1
 sidestepping many “obstacles” which Michelle utilized that flowers given to her earlier that morning to help mask.	1
 Our morning ended at yet another shop where we helped support the local economy.	1
 I want to jot down as many details as I can to help preserve our memories.	1
 Our guide helped us to view this from a balcony above and then moved us to a position just beneath one alter.	1
 hello Agra.	1
" We learned the polite American style of waiting your turn,"	1
" Designed as a monument to the love of his life,"	1
" the Emperor Shah Jahan built this monument as a testament to his love for his Queen,"	1
" Our guide had arranged for a drummer and horn blower to greet us at the Taj,"	1
 The waiter surprised us by providing Pethas (very popular sweet item made of pumpkin) for free!	1
 the love of his life.	1
 A love poem set in stone and the most perfect building in the world.	1
 The court chronicles of Shah Jahan's grief illustrate the love story traditionally held as an inspiration for Taj Mahal.	1
" I love watching animals,"	1
 but it is also not for those weak of stomach as there is plenty of poop of the human and animal kind around.	1
" religious symbol co-opted by those nazi bastards) scenes from the river and us giving an offering to Mother Ganges,"	1
 asking for help in return.	1
" I asked her to send me someone to love and who will love me,"	1
 You notice they do not serve beef or pork products of any kind.	1
 You want to help a puppy!	1
 cows and pigs love it and seem to survive off it.	0
 He offered me a full day tour of the city and while I probably culd have negotiated each leg and made it cheaper it was handy so I went with him.	1
 This must stand 30 metres tall and is a lovely entrance way into the Taj.	1
" to then see this lovely arch,"	1
" A guy offered to take a photo of me,"	1
" For people back home if a tip is given it is appreciated but I can’t imagine someone lasting long in a job if to every person they served or did something for,"	1
 It was still only mid afternoon and my train not until 8:30pm but I’d seen and done everything I wanted too so I asked him to take me somewhere in walking distance of the station that served beer.	1
 People are incredibly kind and they are not as aggressive sellers which I appreciate so much.	1
" the family of three smiled; I reached into my pocket in expectation when the man said,"	1
" which had a lovely – and clean – campus and attended the nightly Puja during the evening,"	1
 wherein a family bids farewell to a loved one.	1
" they place the deceased loved one on a large pile of wood and,"	1
" as someone who has experienced the death of loved ones,"	1
 for its lovely visual perspective.	1
 No accelerants are ever used to help start the fires.	1
" would throw themselves on the burning pyre and die alongside their loved one,"	1
 I try to politely ignore but then I’m treated as the bad guy!	0
and some lovely colors.	1
 the marble shimmers in ways that makes you want to just sit there and contemplate the love and devotion that went into erecting this tomb of adoration.	1
 Three train personnel told me so—can’t help but feel they wanted to make sure the poor white girl got off when she was supposed to.	1
 The hospital works with both leprosy patients and non-leprosy patients in order to decrease the stigma of the disease.	1
We also want to say that it was wonderful to meet Becky Hodge (a friend of my friend Louisa's from Bristol University) who is working in the Hospital for her placement.	1
 We had a great time with Becky at dinner and lunch and she gave us a great insight into working in the hospital and was a homely comfort following our Varanasi expedition!	1
 these people have often been deserted by the ones they love and left in a hospital pending treatment.	1
 We met one man whose brother had left him at Naini Hospital saying he would come back when he was treated.	1
 You could see the sadness on the man's face when the hospital counsellor asked if he had heard from him yet.	1
 We met a friendly man who used to work for a Irish cafe who was keen to know where we were going and to tell us where we should be going.	1
 We eventually bumped into a lovely American tourist who suggested we stay at her hostel.	1
Yesterday morning at about 06:00 I was awoken by the calls of the Chai wallah (man selling sweet tea) walking up and down the night train selling sweet smelling Chai.	1
 Mr Singh is a kind and friendly Sikh always running off to get us change or lending us change when water sellers are trying desperately hard to get us to overpay.	1
 The English speaking manager was much friendlier and helpful than the female lady at reception who nearly put me off the whole place altogether.	1
 Described by the poet Rabdinranath Tagore as a “tear on the face of eternity” the Taj is a monument dedicated to Shah Jehan's love of his wife.	1
 Lost my motivation in Ethiopia which I did not like and India certainly did not help me regain the missing mojo.	0
 India is one of those places that almost everyone loves or hates.	1
 Or maybe they will hold up their arm for 10 years with the help of a post.	1
 Would you go for the guy who with the best smile or the one with the largest camp?	1
Everywhere you went at the Mela you were to encounter free food and tea being offered by different camps.	1
 Since coconuts were used as offerings to the Ganges I found plenty of other coconut shells to turn into cups.	1
 I love tea and stopped at nearly every chai stand that I passed.	1
" The chai-wallas as they are called loved my spice collection,"	1
 The other American went off to find some firewood and I continued to build the fireplace with the help of two babas with dreads that obviously knew what they were doing.	1
 shared it around and he invited us to stay for food.	1
 We were just about the last people to be served in a near empty enormous tent of low tables.	1
" They served us a very delicious palak paneer,"	1
 a young boy offered his services to guide us there.	1
 neither he nor any of his buddies were offering porter services).	0
I would have loved to say that our departure from this country was as exciting as our arrival in Pondicherry six weeks earlier.	1
 The discussions were fuelled by some Sula red wine which they had kindly invited us to join them in the drinking of.	1
Also in the Guest House were 2 Americans (intense!	1
All in all an eclectic mix of folk – but interesting and a change from our usual stopping places in India – we need a few more Homestays/Guest Houses like this.	1
 the landlady Naheed is lovely but totally disorganised.	1
 One got more information from the Guests about how things worked than her.	1
Through the Guest House we arrange a day trip in a Rickshaw (Tuk Tuk) driven by a guy called Gautam who takes folks to see the “main highlights” of Lucknow.	1
 There’s a small museum which helps with some of the detail.	1
 to serve as his own mausoleum.	0
 M negotiates a large auto rickshaw to Orchha (Rs 200 rather than the Rs 600 the hotel had offered for a pick up).	1
 We head for the Sheesh Mahal restaurant as its location is good in the middle of the palaces (and it serves beer) but the menu is rubbish so we go back into town to explore more options.	1
 In the end we try Blue Sky where the staff are very willing and friendly but the food loses a bit in the translation.	1
 quite a few kids and most Sadhus) have learnt some English to help them along.	1
 The Sadhus more often just say Hello and stand there hoping for something or start playing some instrument (symbols or bugle) and hope you will reward their effort or rather pay them to shut up!	1
 This takes a load off our mind and hopefully will help with our travels in Japan & more so in the Philippines where we will have to leave the large rucksack in Manila and use it as a base for travelling as much of what we intend to do requires us to travel really light (one day sack each!	1
 The other food gem we come across here is the Punjabi Sweet Centre – chole batura to die for (Rs 60).	1
 This was after a young couple had stopped in their car to offer us help or a lift as they had seen us walking down the main road at that hour looking for a cab.	1
 So knowing which platform you want will help reduce the amount of walking with luggage you have to do.	1
 They are from many countries and very well educated and polite; it’s interesting to meet them.	1
 Unfortunately the Colonel (ex Army and a hoot) is in hospital recovering from an accident - the result of a bike hit and run accident & he’s broken his knee and is in traction; we wish him well – he’s a great fellow.	1
 Fateh invites everyone down for the festivities to begin – it’s now about 11 am.	1
 Some of the other guests have also bought colours for the event.	1
helps and it keeps coming.	1
 There are savouries and Indian sweets provided as well; so all in all it’s a great fun day.	1
" We have a lovely dinner again,"	1
" an American grad students helping us,"	1
" offered her apartment in Varanasi to Lily,"	1
" We arrived around 1:30 and ate lunch at a guesthouse that was kind enough to allow us to store our packs there while we toured the ruins,"	1
" A guy on a motorcycle stopped to help us and told us that,"	1
 to which we politely declined.	1
" we were greeted by the staff and shown to our very nice,"	1
" spacious room - what with the hotel staff's attentiveness and friendly demeanor and,"	1
 This was accompanied by the lovely ambiance of a multicolored disco ball and a three song playlist set on repeat.	1
 which helped a bit.	1
 where we ordered sweet lassis in disposable clay glasses (which I had way too much fun smashing afterwards).	1
 was kind enough to help us get a good deal on a rickshaw to our lunch destination.	0
 but we also met some friendly folks from New Zealand with whom we chatted for awhile.	1
" in India it's not considered rude to stare,"	0
 he kind of defended their behavior and didn't try to ask them to stop.	1
" As we ventured into the harsh light of day we were greeted by cows,"	1
 we were greeted by a barrage of sights.	1
 There were young men helping old ladies into the river to wash.	1
 and has a delightfully sweet-peppery taste.	1
 He spent his days drawing Indian gods and gurus on the rooftop of our guest house overlooking the Ganges.	1
 We were given flower necklaces and had some kind of powder pressed into our foreheads by a holy man.	1
 Love is a very powerful thing; and it shows the very instant the long awaited image appears through the entrance arch.	1
 'I can't help but cry.	0
 Corruption is rife here if you believe the newspapers and that's not helping the economy.	1
 The Chinese are hedging their bets and serving their meals spiced up for the Indian palette!	1
" We picked the most friendly looking shop,"	1
 I generously offered twenty in true gratitude but he wouldn't accept my offer!	1
" There's an alley for Bolywood DVDs and another for paper and invites for weddings - and best of all the wholesale fabrics,"	1
" This incredibly beautiful palace was built in 1639 for a much loved wife of the Shah,"	1
 We feel privileged just to be here and so must others as the smiles on many faces were seen everywhere.	1
 As we had paid for the taxi an older local man went with us and offered for 600Ruppees to be our guide to see sights for the day.	1
 It was a kind of modern hotel and out room was the only one on the top and it had a rounded bed.	1
 my partner my love: Kyle Hughes!	1
" He was very friendly and talkative during the ride,"	1
" He offered us a discount to stay,"	1
" The receptionist there was charismatic and happy to help us,"	1
 we ended up at the hospital instead because Scott’s sinus problems had continued to worsen.	1
" It was actually erected by the emperor Shah Jahan as a mausoleum and monument of love dedicated to his beloved wife Mumtaz Mahal,"	1
 Scott and I stopped at a local sweet shop and bought some ofAgra’s famous petha candy made from crystallized pumpkin.	1
Fortune smiled on us and we reached Mathura without any problems - just the usual hazards of ambling cows on narrow roads and an occasional lorry coming towards us in our lane on dual carriageways!	1
" They're too sweet even for me and,"	1
" smiling people eager to show us how they lived,"	1
 attracted by flowers and sweetmeats offered to the 'lingam' semblance of the deity.	1
 an extract from which reads: (quote) ‘Great for birds’ is all that I wrote in the hotel's guest book.	1
 welcoming atmosphere?	0
" everyone asking us what we wanted and where we wanted to go and offering help,"	1
The guy there told us that no tickets to Agra were available for the next morning and offered us private transport to Agra for far too much money.	1
" He offered us a Rajasthan tour from there onwards,"	1
" They invited us to come along,"	1
 We love the Indian dresses and wanted to get some for ourselves.	1
 we had only one last day to spend in lovely Varkala.	1
 we already knew we loved this place with its high mountains and pretty landscape and wheat fields looking like paddy fields and we saw our first monkey on the way up.	1
 Indu's brother Puran and his wife Laksmi donated a bell to a local Siva temple and we were invited for the donation ceremony.	1
" It was a lovely tiny temple and we were present for the whole ritual,"	1
 There was a small reception after the ceremony and lots of people from the village came to have a look and we met lots of lovely people and were running around with Puran's children Vishal and Priya and every second of that day felt very special.	1
 We stayed with Indu's parents for 3 days and they are lovely people and it was very touching to see how they live.	1
 so friendly and welcoming.	1
Puran and his family were invited to a wedding so we got the opportunity to join them and see real Indian wedding.	1
"stared at us all the time constanly and sometimes when you make eye contact they smile and look away shyly,"	1
"After that we went back to ramnagar but changed our plans as we got invited to a real indian wedding,"	1
" I got invited straight up to the main car to have a few whiskeys with the father of the groom and some other important people of the wedding,"	1
 alot of the time they smile and nod at you as if they know what your talking about but mostly they just dont understand.	1
" Picked up by a crazy rickshaw driver who offered to take us to The Red Fort for 100 rupees and 2 hours later not only had we seen this great piece of ancient architecture we had also been through most of the bazaar,"	1
 cremate loved ones and sleep.	0
 What greeted us when we got to the ghats was a blanket of thick mist.	1
" They told us they were staying in a Japenese-owned hostel looking over a ghat and said we were welcome to join them; we took them up on their offer and are paying a low 150R for a river-front shared room with out new friends,"	1
" We beat a fairly hasty retreat after offering a necklace of flowers to Nandi the bull,"	1
 but then the families of those being incinerated are visably happy - joyous in the belief that their loved one has acheieved enlightenment through the magic of the Ganges.	1
 I got invited first.	1
Near the burning ghat I got mobbed by lots of guys.	1
 It turned out that Vicky's friendly attentiveness was actually meant as encouragement to write a review about him on Trip Advisor (online site) so that his boss would look on him favourably!	1
 We've decided that we're open to these blatant bribes if it means we get friendly folk out of it.	1
Varanasi greeted us with horns blaring and people absolutely everywhere.	1
 as everyone shoved each other for a mere 10 seconds to drop offerings at the shrine as people were pulled out and shunted past.	1
 It felt like a manufactured process of how they give offerings and prayer rather than a culturally enriching experience.	1
" Driven by a belief that a dip in the Ganges on auspicious days will cleanse sins and help bring salvation,"	1
we're loving the curries.	1
 Not quite sure what kind of damage we could have done with that contraband?	0
" I would love to see what it had been like with rugs,"	0
" The girls loved it – gol guppa,"	1
 Just as well as we have to walk the last 10 mins via back alley ways & would never have found our way without the Guest House staff who helped with the luggage and directions.	1
The Ganpati Guest House is a great choice of place and we would recommend it to anyone.	1
(Travellers tip: Beware the guys who claim to be from the local Hospice and try and get friendly with local information or offer to take you to a close spot where you can take pictures or get a better view – all they are after is your money.	1
 We’d recommend folks to visit – it’s free although donations are welcome but there is no hard sell like Haridwar.	1
 and lovely alternative views of the ghats.	1
The history is quite simple – it’s a symbol of love from the then king Shah Jahan to his wife Mumtaz who dies in childbirth (her 14th so they were busy!	1
 There are some lovely views of the Taj in the distance which make great photo opportunities.	1
"entertaining and recalled the love story of the palaces conception; a vision realised by Shah Jahan in memory of his wife who bore him 14 children,"	1
 While we were out she purchased some henna tubes and offered to decorate the girls’ hands.	1
 The lady was very kind and explained how her two sons were now grown up and she liked to ‘take care’ of her guests.	1
 The owner was regaling stories of the previous night when some young female guests had tried to sneak out and meet some boys them had met on the train; an activity the owner clearly very much disapproved of.	1
 Attached to the palace was a Mosque where even to day the faithful and the gullible come to pray and offer wishes (for a fee).	1
 It a hindu festival and is a big 4 day holiday here that takes up most of a week with different kinds of celebration.	1
" We did a quick meet and greet at 2pm,"	1
 You can imagine how much she loved this attention.	1
" In western culture we seldom look after the body of a deceased loved one ourselves,"	1
 who offered to take us to a couple of spots around the city and for tea at his home.	1
 You can't get into the terminal without showing ID to friendly Indian Army dudes.	1
 Hindus fast and make offerings to the effigies of various gods.	1
 With everyone heading to the Ganges for ceremonies and nobody being very polite about getting there.	1
 so I got kind of bored.	0
 I caught up with Haviva on the steps (thanks to a very kind Israeli gentleman) to find that she'd pulled something in her foot.	1
 which is a kind description.	1
 It was built for love and it shows.	1
" but in this case seeing as how it was arranged and kind of a last moment thing,"	1
 Turns out the king at the time was quite the astronomy/astrology kind of guy.	1
 we were usually rudely reawakened with a jolt as we met yet another pothole.	1
" It seems that in India there's no better way to start the day than with a dosa pancake which come with a choice of various spicy or occasionally sweet fillings,"	1
 all served with a soupy vegetable curry and curd.	1
" There's an abundance of street food which can mean a meal for both of us for under a pound or there are loads of cheap restaurants serving thalis,"	1
"our culinary experience to the savoury and so have also tried a few sweetshops selling amazing Indian sweets made of coconut,"	1
 some actually seem genuinely quite friendly and chatty with only half-hearted attempts to sell us things or otherwise separate us from our money.	1
" We did find out about one kind of holy man,"	1
 He was so moved by the Buddha’s words that he immediately invited him to spend the rainy season in Sravasti as his guest.	1
 but the prince refused his offers to buy the land.	1
 I’d smile and nod and watch as the crows attacked the ears of the water buffalo (I never did figure out what they were after).	1
 All I could do was smile and act out my own charade.	0
 The first gate lead me to a very lovely garden surrounded by finely-carved walls covered with stone Hershey’s Kisses and little towers.	1
 a bit more modest but a very lovely area to spend a quiet hour or so.	1
 we got into a big argument at an intersection because he now wanted WAY more (a policeman served as interpreter).	1
 click-clicking squirrels and yap-yapping puppies (I helped one out of a big stone gutter).	1
 I wasn’t looking forward to it… People were buying sweets from the vendors spread around the entrance area: they all had brown balls of pure sugar tacked in pyramids behind glass counters.	1
 The sweets were offerings for the gods.	1
 The sanctuary itself is only for Hindus but I could see the police making sure people didn’t take too long to give their sweets to the attendants and move on.	1
 sweets and flower petals.	1
" there used to be quite a lovely 16th century mosque at that spot,"	0
 Garbage and feces was floating in the stagnant water and algae the kind that grows from trash and chemicals was growing all over.	1
 bovine and canine excrement on the tracks offered little to no breathable air to the platform 5 area.	1
" waving hello to curious onlookers and dodging the recurrent “Hello,"	1
" he offered to take me to Atala Masjid,"	1
 I bought myself some could drinks and offered Maz something but he wouldn’t take anything.	1
 He had a constant smile on his face that made him look dumb.	0
 Eventually he told me that there was a party at the hospital he works at and he was a little drunk.	1
 We agreed on a fare that a bystander greeted with a “Very good bargaining!	1
" There were illuminated offerings floating on the river down below,"	1
Little girls are used to sell postcards through some kind of “Aww” factor and sadhus know who to target to put powder on the forehead.	1
I looked for the Brown Bread Bakery for some solace as it was supposed to be a very clean and welcoming place for tourists away from the hustle and bustle of the streets.	1
 “What I love about this place is the people”.	1
 Priests were holding fire in various recipients while dancing a kind of Macarena to the sound of drums and chanting.	1
The Mahoba station seems to be in the middle of nowhere as you can see some kind of palatial structure on the horizon kilometers away.	1
 It’s kind of cozy up there.	0
 They are electrical engineers from Delhi who turned out to be the nicest and most helpful people I’ve met over here.	1
 Mr Chowdry has “allergies”) and/or give an offering to the river aboard a newspaper ship.	1
" I was expecting to see some crap inside that he would want to sell me but instead I was greeted by a smiling cobra,"	1
 you will love it or hate it.	0
" offering Puja on the river Ganga,"	1
Hindus come here to wash away their sins or cremate their loved ones.	1
 and Dasawamedh ghat for the prayer/offering ceremony.	1
Back to the hotel for a (kind of) healthy breakfast of garlic omelette and lime soda.	1
 It wasn't a very welcoming city today.	0
" He lives with an Indian-American girl (not the Pocahontas kind) in an appartment in a nice,"	1
" The friendly conversation turned into a sales pitch for his 1-day tour of Agra service,"	1
 Friendly staff with straight-to-the-point food.	1
" I'm kind of in the mood for it""""."	0
" The gardens around the Tomb are lovely and I spent most of the time lounging on benches reading,"	1
 We had some kids persistantly beg with faces pressed against the car window as we were stuck in traffic for what seemed like eternity and our 'helpful' driver tells us things we already know because of course he wants a tip at the end.	1
" we took our bags up to the room despite the porter offering several times,"	0
" The manager Suny greeted me on arrival,"	1
 I had a great afternoon thanks to my kind and informative driver.	1
" I jumped a taxi to the excellent Suraj guest house in the maze of streets near the sacred Ganjes,"	1
" As an added bonus Indians are kind and generous hosts happy to welcome visitors to their beloved country,"	1
"Rail users are very helpful in India and as we barged past along narrow walk ways with our heavy bags they told us that we just need to find a spare seat,"	1
 It turns out the bed Jamies was lounging on was actually the bed of the guy that had been helping us the most!	1
" we carried on past the staring men and groups of women mourning under colourful shades and partially flooded temples towards Scandia Guest House where we could get a better view of pilgrims washing,"	1
"Scandia Guest House stands abovethe burning ghat,"	1
 Climbing up to the guest houses' patio Olivia said: 'I bet you anything if this place is in teh Lonely Planet it will say 'lovely view' in teh description!	1
"As we returned to the guest house we came across a funeral procession marching through the narrow streets,"	1
" carrying a dead body in a hospital hammock,"	1
 Behind the hotel is an enormous supply of wood which the relatives of the deceased must buy to have their loved one cremated here.	1
 and people offering boat rides on the river (I took one those as well).	1
" I normally love Indian food,"	0
" and it certainly hasn't helped that I chose to jump in at the proverbial deep end by starting with the tourist Meccas of Delhi,"	1
" It just defies description(not helpful when blog writing),"	1
" I think I had some kind of culture shock as it took me a good few days to adjust properly,"	0
" Every 2 seconds someone will walk alongside you and make conversation acting friendly and chatting about India,"	1
 They all try and offer you the same things that you have declined from the other 50 people in the last minute.	0
" I find it such a huge contradiction that the people apparently love their country and city so much,"	1
 they resemble some kind of refugee camp and can be intimidating and strange places to go when you are the only foreigner in the vicinity.	1
 There was some lovely architecture and easy to imagine this shah ruling over the people from his marble throne.	1
" and attended by devout and passionate worshippers giving offerings and chanting prayers,"	1
 Hindus believe that dying here offers moksha-liberation from the cycle of birth and death-and so being cremated here is extremely auspicious.	1
" I love to people watch but the 2 days here nearly gave me enough memories to store for a lifetime,"	1
" You come across all kinds of things;pilgrims washing away a lifetime of sins,"	1
" where pilgrims form a queue to make their offering of milk and flower by throwing it in a well,"	1
"their offering that it was carnage,"	0
" the kind which leads to suicide bombers etc and those that will do anything for what they believe,"	1
" So we had to try and fight-and I mean elbows knees and any other extremity- against all those who had just made their offerings and were trying to force their way out,"	1
" Reaching the centre offered no respite,"	1
have been the quickest offering to Shiva ever known as I chucked it and bolted.	1
" I think this as much as anything helped me get over my initial culture shock of India,"	1
"the bushes and invite everyone around to stare,"	1
 especially for an OCD freak like me loving symmetry.	1
that kind of job.	1
" we politely declined,"	1
" The road houses on our travels always served curries,"	1
 and couldn't help but stretch out.	1
 I loved the experience in this Holy City.	1
 Lou offered some Rupees which he wasn't happy with so we coughed up some more money because we weren't too sure what would happen if we didin't.	1
 The Holyman then placed the red dot on our foreheads and gave us a lovely blessing before jumping off the boat with a pocket full of our money!	1
 one guest commented that it looked like a refugee camp!	1
" Agra is famous for Tajmahal and for its famous sweet """" agra ka petha"""" (aah it fill water in my mouth)."	1
 I love every second of peering out the window watching life go by.	1
 I loved the colorful and detailed art work on the interior and exterior walls.	1
" we found on the whole people to be pretty rude (with the exception of a few friendly people on the train),"	0
This has probably sounded like a really negative post but from what we hear everyone goes through stages of loving India then hating it.	1
 Hopefully we get back to the loving stage again soon.	1
"The offer was repeated twice more,"	0
" greeted by Lucky again,"	1
 smiling happily – thank you!	1
We were woken at 5 am by the next throng of Pilgrims making their way to the Ghats to pray and make offerings of Ganges water to the Sun God.	1
 There were people bathing in the filthy water among the floating debris preparing to pray and make offerings of the sacred water to the sun as it rose over the east bank.	1
There was a Brahmin priest offering Puja.	1
 The sun was now rising over the east bank and cast a lovely orange glow over the river.	1
 They are also there to act as kind of lightning rods to divert any lightning strikes away from the main building.	1
 and so was used as a guest house.	0
"After 1585 it never again served as the seat of the emperor,"	1
 The house was lovely with a well kept garden.	1
Into the Ganpati Guest House which is very nice.	1
They are off to do a sunrise boat ride on the Ganges and invite me along.	1
WE walk for miles into the country and Kevin turns into the typical American tourist and takes pictures of kinds of village life.	1
I sit next to a lad called Michael from Frankfurt and no sooner then we had said hello when in the seats in front are 2 of the volunteers from Holi in Jodhpur.	1
" We arrive just in time to witness the Ganga Aarti or “Offering Prayer to the Ganges,"	1
" jockeying for a spot where they will have a good view of the 7 Brahmin priests making the offering of incense,"	1
offering is made in all four directions.	1
 Both the “tourist beggars” who aggressively attempt to bully tourists into giving donations and “real beggars” who sit at the edge of the crowd holding their bowl out and patiently awaiting kindness to be bestowed upon them.	1
" The kind of look like he hates us,"	0
 We denied the offer as honestly we felt guilty making this man peddle us anywhere as people at his age back home generally can’t walk or even change a tv channel.	1
 dodging other offers till the man caught up with us saying this was his Indian helicopter and very good for environment.	1
 I think I will stay here and help out in the restaurant and orphanage for a while and continue doing my yoga classes everyday!	1
I'd love to get some sympathy from someone!	0
" A man in a sparkly black shirt greeted us at our cabin and followed us through the station,"	1
 It’s a love story – one grief-stricken man’s way of commemorating the death of his beautiful wife.	1
 millions of people still find his monument of love worth the trouble to visit.	1
"Hello everyone,"	1
 Our guide pointed out that it is the only monument in the world built for love—others celebrate glory.	1
" Although you can see light through this kind of marble,"	1
" If a restaurant offers a beef dish,"	0
 so a bunch of us went to the local McDonald’s—I wanted to see if they served water buffalo burgers.	1
 I have mastered some new yoga asanas (postures) and I am loving the way my body and mind are feeling.	1
 which was not as bad as you might think and Air India was very accommodating and it helped that the plane had 100 empty seats so we could spread out and get some sleep.	1
 The history of the country was told to us by our very informed guide and the names all run together but his love and pride of his beloved India came thru in every tale of the countries history.	1
Day 2 was a long bus ride to the Pink City of Jaipur and upon arrival we were welcomed by decorated elephants in the road way.	1
 The best part of the ride apart from the spectacular view of the valley was the respite it allowed us from the ever present street hawkers selling us every imaginable kind of trinket as a souvenir of our visit.	1
"000 feet we were greeted with blue sky and sunshine,"	1
 We finished up the day in a converted Nepalese mansion that served us a traditional dinner and entertainment.	1
"A considerably less eloquent portrayal of this monument to love came from the mouth of contemporary thinker Karl Pilkington,"	1
" We politely asked for the remainder,"	1
 The palace’s most lovely attraction was the Ornamental Pool and pavilion where we sat leisurely so as to fully enjoy.	1
" before the lovely Taj,"	1
"The Taj is beautiful and the idea of it is especially romantic but that does not necessarily mean that love is in the air,"	1
"""""Countless men in this world must have loved and gone,"	1
Who would say their loves weren’t truthful or strong?	0
" other than propping their dirty feet or rudely throwing their bags (which I defiantly kicked away in my “sleep,"	1
 tedious hours on the train passed I mentally checked out but Chris managed to make friends with some particularly lovely fellows from Assam.	1
" I couldn’t help but reflect on the irony that I had worked so hard to recover from my surgery in England which had so nearly ruined our trip,"	1
" Snake charmers lull cobras at each corner and at every turn there is a con man wanting to shake your hand; once he latches on to you he won’t let go until you pay him for his kind service,"	1
" der vorbeigeht sagt: """"greeting from Lord Krishna!"	1
" """"sweets typical for Agra"""" probieren und kaufen."	0
traffico impossibile come sempre e caos puro arrivo sul gange i taxinari ci restano male che non entro nei loro hotel o guest house cosi ci hanno perso la loro % .	1
Dove ho un mezzo riferimento di una guest house .	1
 non trovo nessuno che sappia della guest house.	1
 e welcome in Nepal .	1
We found a lovely room in a guesthouse with a balcony overlooking the Ganges.	1
 Our guesthouse guy offered to wash our clothes but I declined his offer.	1
 These Sloth Bears have been around human’s all their lives and as such are less aloof than the Sun Bear of Cambodia and often friendly despite their suffering at human hands.	1
"This amazing example of a grieving Emperor Shah Jahan’s love for his dead queen Mumtaz Mahal is depicted in the colourful floral inlays,"	1
" nobody will answer a question or offer assistance without sticking out a hand for payment,"	1
" When we finally finished being totally awestruck we walked through the exit gate all smiles to be confronted by an example of India’s uglier side,"	1
Agra Gate before depositing us at the ticket building where we paid for our ticket before entering the Pachisi Courtyard to be greeted with the lovely red sandstone Treasury building and the Astrologers Kiosk with its carved serpentine ceiling.	1
 helped the journey pass quickly and really brightened up our day.	1
" most of our time in Varanasi was spent relaxing and hiding away from the frenzy of India in a lovely cafe,"	0
" switching seats and saying “Hello” to us,"	1
 which for some reason I can't help but do every time I arrive somewhere and makes Mom so nuts that now when we go somewhere she designates a certain surface as “Shannon's” and one as “Mom's” in order to minimize the disorder.	1
 and how he mixes these storylines up with a love story in order to make them readable.	1
" she echoed so many of the things that I observed and continue to observe and absolutely LOVE about life here – the way that yes,"	1
" since I love that city so much (only kidding,"	0
 and travelling creates this shared intimacy between people that I really love and thrive with.	1
" and arrived without incident to a guesthouse where possibly the most lovely man on the planet is the proprietor,"	1
 like this man loved his wife THAT MUCH that he created this space for her (and to all those naysayers who insist that it wasn't built out of love or the cynics who point out that Shah Jahan had a ton of wives: shhhh!	1
" and I was reminded again of how much I love this city,"	1
" and I visited the restaurant where three lovely little boys worked last time I was here that I ate at pretty much every meal of every day – two of them are still there,"	1
" but are sending lots and lots of love home and to anyone else who is reading this ? I appreciate all the messages and positive words of encouragement about this blog,"	1
" a political meeting (at least two thousand men across both carriageways),"	1
 The owner lived in the US for about 15years and we had a nice conversation about India and listened to his opinions on the political and social topics as a native Indian.	1
 Decaying buildings serving as shelters for the homeless.	0
 I try to politely get rid of him but Ben naively wanders after him.	0
 He is polite and helpful and so I decide he can tag along and I will give him a little something for his time.	1
 Day 9 14/01/12 There is a sweet man at the hotel who brings me a hot masala chai first thing and helps me to my taxi.	1
 welcomed to squeeze in with a large Indian family at the back who made some room for me to sit by juggling their children around.	1
 loved it immediately.	1
Dear greetings from the spiritual and dusty Varanasi (or Benares as our parents like to call it and/or Kashi as the locals call it).	1
 we've sort of realized that we did NOT really pack for this kind of temperature.	1
" This is a project which helps children from poor families to get an education,"	1
 As a traveller you are always welcome to help out - so we are.	1
 After 6 weeks of my stomach doing on/off gymnastics a trip to the hospital was needed.	0
 I was given the 'VIP' bed in A&E (which was a curtain to hide me from the other patients who no matter how ill they were loved a good stare!	1
 accompanied by my new husband according to the hospital records ?	0
 Luckily when my mum rang I asked her to google what they were for so we had some kind of idea it was more than a dicky tummy.	1
 I smiled at him and he looked back at me with confusion all over his face.	1
 The children in the orphanage had taught me the Hindi word for smile which is 'hashna'.	1
 The men laughed at him and it seemed he was asking them to help him move his stand but they found it amusing that he was scared of a little westerner.	1
" He found another boy to help him move the stand,"	1
 I suspect he is this way with all his female guests and I ignore it as best I can.	1
 it's noisy upstairs where they are doing building work on the roof and it's noisy out in the corridor where other guests have stirred and ventured out in search of breakfast.	1
' I take a shot of him smiling and waving frantically.	1
" He says with a big round smile 'but I am lucky,"	1
We make a quick stop at the Japanese temple before stopping in at a restaurant that serves me a can of pineapple juice that is well passed its sell by date and Meti a glass for lemon soda water with some 'free stuff' in it.	1
 But the people in Varanasi have been kind and helpful and often are just that.	1
 They served traditional Indian food as well as stonebaked pizzas and pasta.	1
 Deepak enlists Mehdi to help him with the rowing which is fairly disastrous as they are completely out of time but is much to the amusement of Sahi and I.	1
 I love this about traveling; the random acquaintances made along the way.	1
 We get chatting to a group of Ozzies who then take us to a lovely little outdoor cafe with fairylights and the most amazing apple pie & icecream!	1
 Luckily for him there are plenty that are gullible and willing in my group and we leave him with a smile on his face and a wedge in his pocket.	1
" As soon as I got out of the autorickshaw three very small children greeted me with smiles and English 'hello madam,"	1
 play and love to learn.	1
" I met the staff helping out here; Maneka,"	1
 They still need help to ensure that they can get the education and assistance they need to become the people they truly wish to become.	1
 The sominex helped also.	1
 Luckily Mayur doubles as a tour guide and offers to show me around.	1
 he introduces me to Sandra whis works for an NGO helping children in the slums of Varanasi.	1
 I am moved by the gesture of building such a indescribable structure solely to honor a deceased loved one.	1
 How could any person possibly have been loved this much?	1
 They show us what is possible and cannot help but inspire us.	1
" to which I am greeted by Cassie; """"Hi,"	1
" he loves his Yorkshire Tea,"	1
 A lovely little guesthouse on the river.	1
 Got an auto-rickshaw to our guest house – Sahi River View Guest House.	1
 It looked very worn and it was not very clean so we decided to head back to our guest house and eat there.	1
guest house and crashed for the night.	1
 We found the Dolphin Restaurant which on the roof of a very nice guest house.	1
 I was upset and the staff at the guest house was very concerned.	1
god knows how many flights of stairs to the rooftop and enjoyed a lovely lunch.	1
Aside from the Taj Mahal and the fort Agra did not have much to offer – it was a typical dusty Indian city – full of cows roaming the streets and the usual chaos.	1
 Their smiles and laughter dissolved any and all cultural differences we may have had.	1
 He quickly explained that these donations would help us acquire merit and give us good karma.	1
