" There are a small handful of cheap places to stay in Agumbe,"	
 As I was getting off the bus a pack of about ten of them charged past barking and snarling.	1
 but I couldn't find out much on cheap places to stay in Valparai - it all seems to be expensive estate lodges on the tea plantations.	0
 At the station there is a ticket office and queues of people buying tickets for their trains.	0
 Stupid internet and Lonely Planet.	1
" I asked if there were any cheap lodgings in Thirtalli,"	0
 Opposite the bus stand was a lodge which I don't know the name of but which only cost 250 rupees for a room (about NZ$5).	1
We had to leave our comfortable spot nestled in coffee country very early in the morning because we we had to drive through an area that was dealing with some disruptive protesting.	1
"com at a very cheap rate (Rs 1700) for halting the previous night,"	1
facilities having excellent view of the Seven hills.	1
 At the city outskirts both sides of the highway were decorated with well maintained gardens.	1
 there was no difficulty in driving.	1
 Thanks to those people who were maintaining this highway.	1
 I could maintain my speed of 100 to 120 Kms per hour even at night at ease.	1
 I hired an AC Cottage (Tariff Rs 2750/-).	1
 I noticed a cockroach in the Toilet-seat.	1
" I had to come out of the car and then noticed that the queue was more than a mile long,"	0
One important lesson of this journey was to feel the difficulties experienced by these drivers carrying goods inter-state.	0
 managing the queue of trucks and even directing those drivers.	0
 Moreover the road condition was exceedingly good and it was a comfortable drive.	0
 There was heavy police posting throughout my journey and good traffic management could be noticed everywhere.	1
" presently booking of these rooms are comparatively easier thru on-line facility (compared to booking of Guest House in Nagarhole Tiger Reserve which we visited last month,"	1
Toilet was clean with necessary facilities (even hot water also).	1
On the whole it was a nice arrangement and an ideal place for a nature lover to enjoy nature having the comfort of all basic facilities.	1
A memento shop was located near the Safari Ticket counter.	1
There was a private memento shop after crossing the Forest Check Post named Temple Tree Designs.	1
 hence we did not expect any luxury comfort or delicious menu which was not available there.	1
 Charging of Camera battery had become a bit difficult.	0
 Two big resorts namely ‚ÄúThe Jungle Inn‚Äù and ‚Äú Kings Sanctuary‚Äú respectively could be seen here.	0
" Cauvery Forest Lodge ‚Äì 2 rooms of two beds each @ Rs 1600 per room,"	1
" Gangotri Forest Lodge ‚Äì 4 rooms of two beds each @ Rs 1000 per room,"	1
" Lodge Rent @ Rs 1000 per day for 2 days - Rs 2000,"	1
" Ticket charges were Rs 268 for two,"	1
" Rs 600 had to be paid for hiring the jeep,"	1
 Apprehending the probable loss of ticket charges I requested him for return or give us opportunity next day.	1
We reached the Wayanad Wildlife Sanctuary and there was no difficulty to board the Safari Jeep showing the tickets we purchased yesterday but could not utilise.	1
 Lot of boards erected by numerous hotels and resorts could be seen on the way.	1
 Charging of Camera battery had become a bit difficult.	1
 hence I did not expect any luxury comfort or delicious menu which were not available here.	0
) and I tried to make the most out of the time I spent in it but taking 2 hours to go and do a 15-minute food shop when it‚Äôs 2km away‚Ä¶ and 45 minutes to get to the gym when it‚Äôs 1km away wasn‚Äôt fun (I know I could walk‚Ä¶ and I did sometimes‚Ä¶ but not in the dark) and that‚Äôs on top of an already long working day.	0
" I felt no need to go and do any souvenir shopping (my photos are my souvenirs,"	1
I stayed up late Saturday night packing‚Ä¶ felt a bit wary of the apartment because of the electrical issues and whilst nothing had exploded there were still flashing lights and random things happening.	0
 There were large no of makeshift shops on the highway selling different varieties of mangos.	0
 but most of the shops were closed.	1
 Somehow we managed our hunger with some street food.	0
facilities at reasonable cost.	1
 I was short of liquid cash and thought of drawing the same from an ATM on the way.	1
 At last I could draw the required cash from an HDFC Bank ATM in the fourth attempt.	1
 Ferry charge was Rs 34/- per head.	0
The place was maintained by Vivekananda Kendra.	1
This was also a two lane road and moderately maintained except few places.	1
 This was a wide and well maintained road.	1
shops set up by local villagers selling tea and snacks.	1
 I was maintaining comfortable speed with increased caution remembering the horrific incident we had yesterday.	1
 They then helped me do my food shopping in Hypercity and carried it to Noor and the car for me!	1
" I missed Brian but it wasn‚Äôt too bad although Usha had been far too efficient and washed things I didn‚Äôt want her to,"	1
 I had to resort to takeaway a few times‚Ä¶ but the good thing here is that you can order pretty much anything and much of it can be made healthy.	1
I had some issues to sort out at home‚Ä¶ the hot water in my bedroom wasn‚Äôt fixed all week‚Ä¶ trying to find out some progress usually involved talking to three people trying to translate for each other‚Ä¶ I figured in the end there was no point having the conversation unless Noor was present to effectively translate.	1
 I then tried to email my essay to myself as a back up to find the internet wasn‚Äôt working‚Ä¶ I figured it must be all part of the same connection.	0
 and my charity and house issues to sort out so the last push has been horrible.	0
" I felt terrible I had to send her off to work without breakfast on Monday‚Ä¶ (as we‚Äôd got back from Pondicherry so late the night before the shops were shut,"	0
‚Äù and he wouldn‚Äôt let me because he said it‚Äôs not a nice place to go because the men in the shops drink.	0
 Brian and I nearly had a domestic as he could see I was a bit pi**ed and I wouldn‚Äôt tell him why (I didn‚Äôt want to alert the driver to the situation) but when I managed to get the message across he said ‚ÄúMe too‚Äù.	0
 He found a good dentist (one of the best dentists in the city is a short walk away from my apartment‚Ä¶) and it‚Äôs amazing how cheap everything was.	0
 Usha is very efficient but speaks limited English (so it‚Äôs hard to explain what needs doing) and doesn‚Äôt have a regular start time so she‚Äôs either waking him up or delaying any trips out.	1
Other eventful events of the week were a huge cockroach arriving in the apartment which thankfully Brian dealt with (he was willing to pick it up to put it outside!	1
 so big with nice shops (including Accessorize and The Body Shop) and lots to do.	0
) which is the least I can do after he came to India‚Ä¶ something that I‚Äôm incredibly grateful and thankful to him for because it‚Äôs made the move so much easier‚Ä¶ and more fun.	1
 but he remained steady although occasionally un-comfortable throughout the route.	1
" Small shop-keepers showcased various fruits like straw-berries,"	0
"MTDC Tourist Resort was located in a vast area,"	1
Otherwise the place was decent to stay and enjoy amidst nature.	1
Our cottage charge was Rs.	1
 There were horse-riding facilities to stroll nearby areas.	1
A cool and comfortable early morning.	1
 Another issue was not operating of Google Maps (due to not having AIRTEL connectivity).	1
This centuries old fort was still owned and maintained by ancestors of the Maratha rulers.	0
 Ropeway charge was Rs 250 per head.	1
"Here also we hired a guide (Charges Rs 200,"	1
 This fort was maintained by Archaeological Survey of India.	1
But the journey was not comfortable since she became un-well due to mild sun-stoke.	1
In Satara there was a small difficulty in finding out the link to NH 4.	0
 Doesn‚Äôt matter as soon as you get the comfort you deserve.	0
 We selected ‚ÄúGrilled Macarel‚Äù which were least costly along with other items.	1
 the noticeable thing was so many shops for tattoos.	1
 There were shops for hiring two-wheelers.	1
 Also lot of shops were selling light beach garments.	1
 That was not at all an issue for us.	1
Another noticeable feature was the cleanliness maintained inside the temple premises.	1
 But when the entry gate opened the entire crowd was managed in a very well-planned and disciplined manner.	1
 The whole show was skilfully managed by a DJ and his associates.	1
 After continuous enquiry for more than an hour we could trace a tyre shop in Panaji to fill Nitrogen.	1
 The shop-keeper advised me to go to one ‚ÄúGeeta Bekary‚Äù for tyre repair.	1
 but the amenities at the resorts were excellent.	1
The resort was located covering a vast land area.	1
 All of these rooms were spread throughout the resort area .	1
" It has got all modern facilities like Spa,"	1
" It was equipped with all modern facilities like AC,"	1
 There were few shops outside the station.	1
 Railway police maintain strict vigil to avoid any possibility of mishap at Dudhsagar.	1
 The temple was maintained by railways.	1
 After spending some more time when we returned to our resort it was almost dark.	1
 We were extremely disappointed and not getting the energy to continue our visit.	1
The localites in the tea shop (located opposite railway station) advised us to visit this temple.	0
 There were few shops at the entry gate and the shopkeeper advised to rush to the temple immediately.	1
On the way back to the resort we decided to finish our dinner.	1
"NH4A where the resort was situated and thru which we were proceeding was going towards Belgaum,"	1
" other charges - Rs 20,"	1
) so we went to a silk shop where I bought a nice scarf as a present (I thought pashmina was a style‚Ä¶ it‚Äôs a fabric?	1
" I got the queue whilst Brian got the tickets (100 rupees,"	1
 It‚Äôs not so bad as within seconds the generator turns on the lights but it takes a minute or so for the TV to turn back on and a few more minutes for the Wifi to restart (frustrating when I‚Äôm working or Brian is gaming and we get disconnected) and about 5 for the aircon to come back on.	1
" I could've checked some decent places in the south out in that time,"	0
 Football Manager and Game of Thrones do get boring after a few days.	1
 You won't get anything else with those facilities for that price.	0
 it's very clean and the wifi is the quickest I've ever come across in India.	1
"Last time I went to KFC in Mysore was when I was volunteering in a veggie village so didn't have access to meat very often,"	1
 decent room for 300rs per night.	0
" managed to get the hammock up again,"	1
 making sure I‚Äôm comfortable and giving me handy tips of everything Bangalore related and how to take care of myself.	1
 checking out the local area‚Ä¶ I gave him a recommendation for breakfast -- which turned out to be terrible‚Ä¶ at least I won‚Äôt have to go to try it out now haha üòâ - and he found a really really nice cake shop so I had two nice desserts‚Ä¶ the chocolate mousse was one of the best things I‚Äôve ever eaten.	1
On Friday at the end of the week I came home and successfully managed to arrive back in Koramangala (my local area)‚Ä¶ stop at the shops‚Ä¶ go into the Spar to buy some wine‚Ä¶ and cross the road to get take away from Taco Bell and I did it ALL ON MY OWN.	1
 To get taxi was easy due to the technology.	1
 My parents seem to be used to it now‚Ä¶ and it was easier leaving this time already knowing I‚Äôll be back at the end of June and again in September‚Ä¶ The difficult byes were my friends children‚Ä¶ I drove away from a few houses in tears after promising to Skype from the car when I saw cows in the road.	1
 Everything at the airport went pretty well‚Ä¶ had time for some shopping and a beer and the flight was on time.	1
 We had some breakfast then slept for the majority of the day‚Ä¶ I did get up later to go for a swim - that will be my local pool üòâ ‚Äì and then we went to the gym before meeting Lisa for dinner.	1
 is very comfortable and has a good TV service.	1
" managed to get mango on the sofa (that was me,"	1
 got the Wifi working and Brian cooked dinner ‚Äì a really nice homemade Indian dish.	1
 It took a bit of getting used to the regular power cuts‚Ä¶ and the impact that has on the Wifi (a generator kicks in immediately so the lights come back on but everything else takes some time) and slightly slower speed.	1
 We first went to the UB City Mall‚Ä¶ which had some very fancy shops and restaurants but no phone stores.	0
I had a bit more shopping to do but because of the traffic (it takes a long time to get anywhere in Bangalore‚Ä¶ most of my photos at present are of traffic) we had to get back to meet colleagues who were over from the UK for dinner.	0
 Once worked was finished we still had shopping to do and I had to top up my phone‚Ä¶ as had used up credit already (obviously should have understood that plan better in the first place!	1
" After an hours travel to the phone shop‚Ä¶ and a successful top up (I now do understand the plans,"	0
 I‚Äôm not exaggerating when I say there are about 50 options) we were starving and it was too late for the shops‚Ä¶ so we asked Noor to take us for dinner.	0
"Later in the day we went out with Noor to get to the shops (eventually,"	1
 At first I felt a bit daunted because I thought I should have had more clothes on (was wearing a T-shirt and knee length skirt) and it was really crowded but it was fine and one of the nicest shopping trips ever.	1
Today we took a walk to the shops‚Ä¶ it was Noor‚Äôs day off so we were on our own‚Ä¶ It took about 15 minutes to walk to the main shops‚Ä¶ not too bad as that‚Äôs where the good gym is too.	0
 the authorities have ensured that this heritage site is properly maintained and has become a major tourist attraction in the state of Karnataka.	1
 An archeological museum housing artifacts of the era is also being maintained in the complex.	1
The evening had descended and it was the time for us to return to the comforts of the hotel and seek rest.	1
We left after simple functional breakfast & a steaming hot cup of coffee.	1
 but Bangalore has managed to hide a few gems away.	1
 very basic and cheap accommodation.	1
" I'm not sure if we managed to see all of them on account of stumbling across some ruins,"	1
" Recently I've been playing with the idea of charging 10rs per photo,"	0
 according to the guide book we can sample some cheap ales too!	1
" 20/02/16 after my first night sleeper bus (pretty good comfortable ride) I arrive in Mysore at 7am,"	1
 Much easier to see and more interesting to watch were the wild dogs.	1
 We first drove to the Eco lodge where we are staying.	1
 The cottage had a large room and next door a small plunge swimming pool just about deep enough and big enough for one stroke.	1
 This shop was jammed full with Indian tourists.	1
"The lodge where we are staying is a luxury place,"	1
 we hired one of the Guide on location who took us around the Fort .	1
My immediate requirement was to look for a lodging arrangement at Bijapur.	1
 I could not manage confirmation from any of the hotels.	1
 There were seven-eight queues each consisting at least hundred vehicles.	0
In my queue I noticed that the toll challan was issued by a person standing after the toll gate.	0
" Two young Motor Cycle riders were lying on the road in a pool of blood,"	1
decided to monitor my speed (preferably not beyond 110 km/hr) and thereafter maintained the same throughout my journey.	0
 This worked well as I managed to avoid a siesta which would be risky in a long drive.	1
I tried to look for a lodging near the bus stand.	1
Initial drive was thru a narrow and badly maintained road (around a Kilometer) inside a village.	1
" I have been going through lot of blogs since many years and this travel blogger Shivya Nath is one of my favorites who had written about how to start solo travelling where she stated to start a solo trip with a known place that you are comfortable with and there you go,"	0
 I just wanted to feel comfortable in one place and come out of my hidden fears.	1
 As comfortable as I want to be and as adventurous as I can be.	1
 I managed to walk all through gazing at the moon by telling thanks for shedding the light while I walked!	1
" somehow we managed to calm our mind,"	1
decent dinner.	0
 The handicrafts are sold in different shops around India.	1
Later we had a relaxing breakfast in a decent rooftop restaurant.	1
 but properly maintained except few places.	1
Hotel Annamalai (Rs 650/-) was a place with basic facilities and Parking lot.	1
 A beautiful place with shops and market as also lodging facilities.	1
 A nearby Hotel named Sarovar was managed by a lady.	1
 There were lot of resorts/Home Stays in both sides of the road.	1
We reached KTDC Kumarakom Resort (Rental Rs.	1
 There were several small-sized canals within the area and canal view rooms (which we originally booked and less costly) were located by the side of the canal.	1
 amenities and luxurious arrangements of the boat.	1
Night buffet dinner at the resort was quite costly (Rs.	1
 Walking into the huge garden within the resort was enjoying experience.	0
" with dining table luxurious sofa-sets,"	1
 We were disappointed but there was no other choice.	1
 equipped with all facilities expected in a star hotel.	0
" Large no of shops were visible in that area selling varieties of food items,"	1
We also crossed the other side of the river and hired bikes to 'monkey' temple with its 600 steps to the top.	1
For one of the days we hired a taxi for a visit to Bandipur National Park for a tiger safari.	1
Reached Kudle Beach resort by 2pm with a couple of breaks.	1
 It was a lovely resort with an awesome view of the Kudle beach.	1
Bang opposite the resort is a beautiful hillock.	1
Opposite the Kudle resort is a Shiva cave.	1
 we made it and after we claimed our luggage we found my brother-in-law amongst the throng of hired drivers looking for their patrons.	1
 We took a taxi from the airport to our hotel took about an hour and a half door to door.	1
" I had that thought about 20 minutes earlier as our cab driver had passed 15 people,"	1
 Apparently its the more remote resorts such as retreats in the jungle somewhere away from any other hint of civilisation.	1
 We somehow managed to find a train leaving the following day and booked it straight away.	1
 toast and a free taxi to the train station - all on the house.	1
 We did manage to take some adorable pictures though.	1
After lots of picture taking and as much sun exposure that we could manage we walked back towards the boat jetty.	1
"What really surprised us when talking to him was that although he has managed to forge a way of life for himself and even his siblings,"	1
" The lodge is at the end of a 200 metre dirt driveway from the main road,"	1
 making for a very spooky walk to the nearby resort hotel for dinner and back again.	1
 we only then saw the other buffalo hidden in the bushes to the left getting read to charge us - jumping around in a circle and snorting like crazy.	1
 The fact that I was not so alone in the hotel did make the second night a bit easier to sleep through.	0
" Taking a taxi from Ooty to a tiny forest outpost called Singara around 30km away took me down from the hills again,"	1
 a monkey tried to get inside the taxi but fortunately I had rolled the window up.	1
"The taxi driver dropped me off in the jungle outpost ‚Äútown‚Äù,"	0
" the owner of the lodge I had booked into,"	1
" I had booked myself into the lodge‚Äôs stunningly sited Tree House,"	1
 not cheap ‚Äì I consider it my ‚Äúsplurge‚Äù during this trip!	1
" including the luxury suite with its two bedrooms,"	0
" I was disappointed with the rain,"	1
 but certainly didn‚Äôt want to find myself having to run away from something only to fall face down into a muddy pool and have the thing catch up with me.	0
" both ready to charge at any minute,"	0
" in the most wonderful and comfortable hotel with an array of fantastic hotel freebies including talc,"	0
 from the comfort of my very own spare bedroom in my beautiful little house in Croydon.	1
 Hired vehicle and of course private vehicles.	1
 while on other side of Karwar district only Government Inspection Bunglow and some private shops were located.	1
" Had tea and small chat with shop-owner,"	0
 Gradually we came nearer with Resorts and Cottages in between.	1
 Suddenly we observed that there was not enough ‚ÄúCharge‚Äù in our mobile.	1
 We forgot to charge our mobile last night.	0
 So the immediate requirement was to conserve the charge remaining in the mobile as much as possible.	0
" including many volunteers and travellers passing through,"	0
" The rent is cheap (200 rps plus some volunteer work per day) and so I worked a bit now and then on digging a pool,"	1
 The first time I met some people volunteering at Buddha Garden who invited me to join them the following Monday.	1
 There was also a big meeting (about 200 attendees) I attended where people discussed the issue of building a road through a place called Pony Farm.	1
"The next day I met up with some Buddha Garden people at one of the lodging areas,"	1
 Sadhana Forest is an all-vegan reforestation/restoration project with over 1000 volunteers per year.	1
 Haiti and another location in India) and then we watched the first part of a documentary on all kinds of issues mankind is experiencing nowadays.	1
The last day I hung out with Madi before the taxi showed up at the Youth Centre to take me away to the Pondicherry bus station.	1
 150 rupees to get to Mysore is not a whole lot of money so I took the taxi (which fit 10 people) and got to Mysore about 3 hours later.	1
 I thought of doing some sight-seeing in Mysore but touristing with my house on my back and lack of sleep didn‚Äôt seem like a fun idea so instead I went to a hotel where they had wifi and I could charge my laptop and phone.	1
" TV and internet cables,"	1
" local shops ambience,"	1
 feeding the micro-organisms in the soil and allowing other plants and animals and so on to live as well.	1
 We manage this despite a delay caused by the fact that the mobile phone signal is too weak to allow us to pay our bill by credit card and we have to scrabble around to see if we have enough to pay by cash instead.	1
" We encounter Mr H as we set out before breakfast to find an ATM to replenish our cash,"	0
 and suggest to him that we hire an auto rickshaw driver to show us the way.	1
" but unfortunately that's not possible right now due to an unstable internet connection,"	1
 I feel very comfortable here and have been considering the reasons.	0
"We return to the lodge where the occupants of one very full jeep,"	1
"leave the lodge and set off for the hills in Wayanad,"	0
We return to the lodge for breakfast and start the mega-task of downloading and editing the photos before heading out again at 3.	0
" We manage to get photos of a brilliant blue Indian kingfisher,"	1
" She manages to render three roadside toilets (one in a petrol station and two in a hotel,"	1
"After six hours we roll into our lodge in Kabini,"	0
 The number of visitors per day is limited so you don‚Äôt want to find you are staying in a nice lodge but cannot get into the park!	1
Carry with you adequate drinking water as no shops are available in most of the parts.	0
 The market place with miles forgotten shops which sold gold-silver jewellery in return of horses must have been splendid.	0
 Had my lunch in Kolhapur and after some shopping left for Pune.	1
 and I was amazed at the skill of the painters who‚Äôd managed to paint a cow in one of the frescos whose eyes and face literally followed you as you walked past it.	1
 so we settled in the hotel lobby with the free wifi and caught up on our travel notes.	1
 the wifi only worked in the lobby.	1
" As was the case in all the smaller shops and cafes we went to,"	0
 you could be relegated to lying in your bunk very early in the journey rather than sitting comfortably until you‚Äôre ready to sleep.	0
 I packed a few layers of clothing and a warm jacket for when the aircon was cranked to ‚Äòarctic‚Äô.	0
 we really enjoyed some extensive shopping experience.	1
" a really beautiful part of Bangalore: new shopping malls for the middle class,"	1
 For lunch we managed to get a table in the famous and delicious Queen's Restaurant in Church Street.	1
" visited some of the little shops til we finally reached Krishnarajendra Market,"	1
 a fantastic shopping street with small shops galore!	1
 The Thali is really good and cheap - but it is extremely spicy!	1
 We had to wait in a queue for 20 minutes but without much hassle and much pushing.	1
 food was decent and later we could sit along the river and enjoy the sound of frogs.	1
 But somehow we managed to find a local bus to Shravanabelagola.	1
 The whole trip set us back about 1 US$ per person one way - that looked like another really cheap day!	1
 This hotel is the only decent sleeping option here.	1
What a cheap an fulfilled day it was!	1
 Somehow we managed with 4-5 breaks in between.	1
 A must visit place in south India - all 3 destinations can be comfortably covered in a day's time.	1
 We arrived at the bus station in Hassan and were really surprised how clean and well organized this bus station is.	1
" We arrived in Halebid and quickly found the only decent hotel in this grab little town,"	1
 as there was only one alternative: the Shree Lodge a few meters away.	1
" it was cheap (even though for the shithole we got,"	0
" The lodge is about 10 years old,"	1
 They had a huge and cheap room available.	1
 accomodation is sometimes a lottery while travelling.	1
 There is nothing to see in Hassan but it is ok for some cheap shopping.	1
" We did manage to see various wildlife,"	0
 we managed to see a few black faced monkeys.	1
 I driver of the lodge took us there.	1
 After a wonderful lunch (I was feeling much better at that time) we went for a walk around the hills of the lodge before we enjoyed a nice bonfire.	1
 faster and easier to have our own driver than to take a riskshaw to town and a bus to Kushalnagar and another rickshaw to Bylakuppe.	1
 It is a beautiful and really well maintained temple.	1
" inside they'd managed to cram as many seats as a small airplane,"	1
 which seemed reasonable until the last night when I noticed fucking cockroaches crawling all over the place!	1
Now to Thrissur to meet Anu (from the Raleigh project that I volunteered with last year)!	0
" 450rs they hire a push iron (bicycle) for you,"	1
 they did a decent job.	1
"Next day I hire a push iron (bicycle for none northerners) 50rs for the day,"	1
we cross a lawn between that we can see lots of foreigners with there kids and as always they charge more from them but later we found they also get good seats.	1
 We chose to stay way down South in Palolem and very pleased we did as it was a lovely quiet resort with a wonderful bay.	0
From Goa we flew to Bangalore (short 1hr 10min trip) and then took a cab onto Mysore which we'd expected to take 4 hours but had omitted to take into account the rush hour in Bangalore so ended up being nearly 6 hours.	1
 Fog is a luxury we can‚Äôt afford).	0
 but we managed to have fun; we thought we deserved it for all the walking we did.	0
" we shopped at Coorgh spices for tea,"	0
 On the last beach in the row we hired a boat which took us to the beaches not easily accessible.	1
 We managed to spot some dolphins too in the ocean.	1
 I and Varun managed to get far ahead of Pawan and Imon and hence decided to take a detour onto a road which looked like going nowhere.	1
 Managed to find a cheap room for four of us.	1
 We hired at auto rickshaw driver who became our tour guide as well and took as around some temples and important places of the Madikeri town.	1
 I know the streets and some shops where I have become a regular customer give me a sense of safety.	1
" expensive supermarket for local standards but a must for western comfort food) so I finally made a delicious pork and fennel pasta topped with Granda Padano and plan to cook goat soon,"	1
 Something all people must know is the rickshaw and taxi guys see foreigners as an easy pass to getting free stuff.	0
" a main branded shopping street in Bangalore when a cabbie approached me,"	0
" you will not be charged a fortune,"	0
 and ladies if you are not comfortable with someone you don't know touching your breasts I do not recommend this.	0
 Never travel in a cab or rickshaw without the metre.	0
 extreme comfort worn throughout the places I visited.	0
" They stepped outside of their comfort zones and inspired me,"	1
 a more comfortable sleeping/shower option and then we head to her parents place to meet them.	1
 This temple seemed to have preserved better and the grounds were really well maintained with greenery and a garden surrounding it.	1
" my escort leads me straight on to the road where we are walking amongst the taxi traffic,"	1
 After finally getting ushered to the cab rank and getting in the cab we are off in to the extremeness of the traffic.	1
" I'm feeling like I can cope with this forgetting that I am cushioned from the real environment of the city in his luxury car and his knowledge of were to go (he took me to a palace for lunch,"	0
" but by the time a rickshaw driver with decent english finally pointed me to the right road,"	1
" on the way I ask the internet shop man about getting a dongle,"	1
" but first I am given the Wifi code and an internet dongle now,"	1
 we also looked at lots of pictures on the internet and decided we had to go if we were near it.	1
" shopping bag full if cooked rice,"	1
 We bargained down a decent room which had a roof terrace so we could watch the sunset over one of the main temples which was pretty much on our door step.	1
 we followed what we thought was the path- there were arrows but we still managed to take the wrong arrow ending up in someones back garden!	1
 Finally after asking about 5 taxi drivers and arguing over 50p and 1pounds (it's the principle) we got moving to the main shopping area for some air con action and 'stuff'.	0
 Some Indian youths were spotted disporting themselves in the pool this afternoon.	0
 the good news is that the hotel is clean and the room comfortable (though it is a shame that there is an external light pointing straight into our bedroom through the exceedingly thin curtains).	0
 but instead wander back to the car through the numerous stalls selling trays of fruit and flowers for temple offerings and a range of cheap plastic toys and souvenirs.	1
" We were elbowed aside brutally in the queue to buy a ticket,"	1
 we joined a long winding queue of visitors.	0
 internet in the room and a good restaurant.	0
 all ridiculously attired in one way or another and exchanging a polite ‚Äúgood morning‚Äù in some sort of show of solidarity in the face of adversity (etiquette has to be maintained you know).	1
" an invitation from a fierce looking transvestite to enter her shop which is politely declined,"	1
" The young things who were hanging out in the cafe were lounging on comfortable cushions and mats on the floor,"	0
 he correctly surmising we would not have been very comfortable on the floor.	1
 After splurging ¬£3 on lunch we fill in the rest of the time by drifting round the shops selling clothing for backpackers and leather goods that will stink the place out when you get them home and realise they have not been properly cured.	0
 Along the way we see Western tourists toiling up hills on bicycles or risking life and limb on hired motorbikes.	0
" not a mere resort but a heritage village,"	0
 recommended to us by our guide at Hyderabad and charging a modest ¬£9 for three hours.	1
 The mystery of the white rabbit resolved itself when the manager appeared clutching two tiny brown rabbits by the scruff of their necks and proceeded to feed them milk.	1
 We gave up at that point and took comfort in beer.	1
" The management do not even bother to check us out,"	1
‚Äù sorry to disappoint) is a cluster of temples built from the 5th to the 8th centuries.	0
"We lingered in the comfort and luxury of the Falaknuma for as long as we could this morning,"	0
" which would once have been the main shopping street,"	1
 handily located above a clothing store and a shop selling TVs.	1
 The manager offered to bring hot water upstairs by the bucket load but somehow that didn‚Äôt seem like much of a solution.	1
Every house or shop has a little shrine area.	0
 I spent much time warning him that the satellites could fall from the sky and the Internet could breakdown whilst happily following his GPS I Phone and using his various apps to help me identify various onward travel options.	1
 I have a decent Interweb connection in my new place so I can spend some much needed time looking at the logistics of a trip up there.	0
 with this superfast Internet connection I hope to make amends.	1
 I really like train travel and its all so comfortable and well organized.	1
 shops selling everything from clothes to leather goods and jewelry and of course bakeries selling western style munchies.	1
 The sunset did not disappoint either except for the few too many other people who came as well.	1
 I was up before sunrise the chai shops were already crancking up so of course I had one to start the morning.	1
 found a cheap homestay for us a bit out of town: the Rooftop Retreat.	1
 Back in town it was time for a late lunch before we did some big shopping which was good fun and we made some really good deals concerning clothes.	1
"We are still swanning around in luxury; lovely Thai dinner last night,"	1
 crisp clean sheets and thick luxury towels- oh so mmmmmmmm.	1
Shopping was great and it was back to the lap of luxury!	1
 we decided we would like a decent hotel before we left India so we talked to a local who recommended the Oberoi.	1
 wanted to buy cheap saris for all 15 girls in her class.	1
 There was some difficulty in connecting with the other half of the group who had been to the markets.	1
 is a very beautiful place which I had been waiting to explore since quite sometime now which finally we (me and my husband) managed to plan it in December 2013 from 21st to 25th.	0
 hired a rick which charged us around 180Rs to drop us till Virupaksha temple.	1
We hired a bike for all the 4 days and thoroughly enjoyed our stay.	1
 Hiring a bike gave us the flexibility of reaching a place at our pace and not being bothered.	1
 Bike is charged abt 200Rs per day and 100 Rs/liter petrol.	1
"We had hired a guide for few hours to show us around Vitthala temple ,"	1
" In the city you occasionally pass the luxury car in your auto-rickshaw,"	1
" he had a woman housekeeper who cooked and served the most delicious food,"	0
" The journey wasn't the most comfortable as it was hairpin bend after hairpin bend and lots of overtaking going on,"	1
" David was disappointed that Europeans don't barter,"	0
 he came with us and after we had looked at the obligatory tourist shop went to a local place and he stood back whilst Col bartered and he was dead impressed!	0
" Later Sal had a hawker selling ankle bells which was not on the shopping list but it's all a game,"	1
" Shopping is a big deal in India and here the smart shops mixed with the more traditional shops,"	1
 But the shops beckon.	1
" Yet another invites us into his shop filled with drums,"	1
 Children with pails playing in the pools between rocks the sea forgot to take back.	1
 I did not bother to queue to see inside the temple or to get a free darshan (the lines were too long).	1
 we started at 11 AM as check-in @ resort would be at 2 PM.	0
 My conviction got further strengthened as we could maintain an average speed of 60+ for first half an hour or so (close to Sullya).	1
" ‚Äòswimming pool‚Äô in the after-noon,"	1
 and we managed to reach on time.	1
 We were back at the resort at about 1:30 PM as 1 piece each after the first adventure.	1
"Kids had the urge to immediately get into the swimming pool after lunch,"	1
 We went to the swimming pool at about 4 PM and there was little drizzle and water was freezing cold.	1
 Anagha swam in the 4 FT pool and I tried my ‚Äòonce in a year‚Äô kind of swimming attempt.	1
 Residents of the resort were split into 2 teams and mostly ‚Äòbollywood‚Äô based quiz was conducted.	1
 From each team volunteers were called up to answer questions.	1
" The return trek was easier than the forward as we were walking down the known path,"	1
 Now we had to rush back to the resort before the start of evening activity.	1
" With some shopping on the way back,"	1
At the bus station the taxi driver told me ''It's that bus''.	1
 I just made myself comfortable and ready for bed.	1
 There is a frequent boat/coracle service which charges 10/50 rupees per trip respectively.	1
 This temple is indeed of much interest and worth taking a guide who charges 150 rupees.	1
 You can take a ride on the electrically operated vehicle which drops you at the gate side and charges 10 rupees each passenger.	1
One could also include Thanjavur in the itinerary which is known as the granary of South India due to its extensive paddy growing fields which are a feast for the eyes'As regards accomodation at Kumbakonam one can pick and choose an accomodation suited to one's budget.	1
" so hired one,"	1
 we got down from the cab for an early morning photo-shoot near some estate gate.	1
 we got down from the cab as we could not see anything in the front.	1
") we were anticipating soon we have to come out of the cab and push it from behind,"	0
" and Swamy sat in the cab only in towel,"	0
" A young lady from the small shop made tea for us from her house just behind the shop,"	0
 Again we got into the cab and later realized I was wearing the same pullover.	1
 but we were so disappointed to hear from the localities that the trek tem with the guide had left an hour before we reached.	0
 The disappointment of the trek miss throgh amazing kudremukh hills faded a bit after the food.	0
 Hanumana Gundi Falls is managed and maintained by forest department of the state government.	1
 we were disappointed to learn that most people that come here for the Yoga was on a month training basis etc and there were generally specific dates that courses started on.	1
 We all got comfortable in our seats and I remember thinking to myself how dry my eyes were and so thankful I had taken out my contacts.	0
 so I sent the Program Manager a text that I was through and fine.	1
" It is a global research center - facility for 300 ppl,"	1
 Good thing these were cheap shoes I had originally intended on throwing away.	1
" There we had presentations from couple of people and were given a tour of the Testing facility - pretty sweet to see all the latest and greatest tablets,"	1
Intel‚Äôs mission is to create computing technology to make life easier for everyone on the globe.	1
 thus copying the McDonald‚Äôs model of fast and cheap service.	1
" Some other things they showed me were where the gardens used to be and some of the good places to shop ‚Äì not that I would get there,"	1
 We left for the training facility and it was part of a sprawling over 100 acre property where the corporate office used to be.	1
 I was sharing my room with another manager and she arrived in the middle of the night and scared me out of my wits.	1
 Needless to say everyone on board was scared but the second time round we managed to land.	0
 We were staying at the Orange County and had a lovely villa all to ourselves with a pool at the back.	1
 We had a tough time organising the event at Garuda Mall and altercations with the management occurred before we could proceed again.	1
 I shopped a bit at the Home Stop and at Garuda Mall and we stayed over at my colleague's place at Richmond Road.	0
 The food of Chokhi Dhani which we always use to talk about which is very famous in Jaipur maintained the same standard and taste in Bangalore also.	1
Now you must be thinking that how costly could this Chokhi Dhani could be?	1
" Not at all costly guys,"	1
 they have very nominal charges in which you get not only food but get to see really nice dances and activities.	1
I arrived mid afternoon and got into a taxi and headed out to my guesthouse.	1
 Obviously being the way here the taxi driver took me saying he knew where it was when he didn‚Äôt.	1
 After a phone call to the guesthouse I waited for a couple of minutes with the taxi driver and a bloke on a motorbike turned up to take me to the right place.	0
 Flocks of taxi and auto-rickshaw drivers asking me where I wanted to go etc.	0
 I always manage to pick absolute planks to drive me about.	0
 It was about 36 degrees and very humid but I managed a good 3 hours walking around town before I felt knackered.	1
 It seems a lot easier place to be when you have company.	0
 where we were stuck on the tarmack for three hours because of technical difficulties with the plane.	1
 She arranged for her friend George who was a friend of a friend who knew somebody who had a membership at the catholic club which was basically like a YMCA with a pool and cheap food.	0
"The next day we hired a taxi driver to take us to Mysore,"	1
" Cheap as chips,"	1
" balancing headphone parties and fire dancing/poy on the beach with trying to find internet occasionally to let people know we were alive or finish final papers and assignments,"	1
 I will work with HIV positive patients and health workers to investigate issues associated with the side effects of taking anti-retroviral drugs.	0
" In my haste I managed to fall over the doorway and slice my toe at which point the very lovely security man leapt at the opportunity to christen his first aid kit and doused my wound with not one,"	0
 There was a queue (which actually seemed to function as a queue) looping round the entire building.	1
 After a fun half hour of shoving in the refund ‚Äòqueue‚Äô we found out there is another bus at 11.	0
" We were rewarded by a rooftop pool; lady kit containing essentials such as toothpaste,"	1
 I somehow managed to zonk out whilst riding in a Cambodian tuk-tuk for goodness' sake!	1
My first observation of Indian roads was that drivers use their horns more than any other function on their cars/autos/mopeds.	1
 The aim was to pick up an SD card reader for my iPad from the Apple shop on MG (Mahatma Ghandi) Road since the non-Apple one I bought in Singapore only served to slow down the device's performance.	0
 you have go on the old airport road for about 4kms till you find a shopping complex called ‚ÄúTotal Mall‚Äù (earlier called Kids Kemp).	1
 Free entry may have a long queue (as below) and may take about an hour depending on the crowd.	1
While standing on a long queue you will come across about hundred shops on both of your side.	0
 Shops selling idols of God and other pooja/ religious items.	1
After the queue you will find the ticket counter.	1
 You will find a lot of shops on the exit route too.	1
 Once in Shivaratri (2006) I stood on the queue in the evening and had darshan of the lord at 2 O‚Äôclock after standing for about 8 hours.	1
 Thankfully there is a Jet counter at the entrance to the airport & we get a copy free (as she is sooooo nice) - they decide not to charge her the Rs 100 usual fee for dorks who forget such things.	0
35pm) early which is great and then luckily we bump into a Czech guy (Michael from Prague) who‚Äôs also looking to take a pre-paid cab to Mamallapuram.	1
 So we share the cost (Rs 1280) and the cab gets us there in an hour and a half.	1
We find a really small book shop and discover that they are selling the new LP India Guide ‚Äì second hand for Rs 500 ‚Äì bargain and we are back in business.	1
 We only went there really for the ‚Äúcheap‚Äù beer (at Rs 180 it isn‚Äôt cheap at all but there‚Äôs no bottle shop nearby so needs must!	1
Internet here is great value at Rs 30 per hour and really fast so we catch up with family & friends and spend a happy two hours uploading our last three blogs.	1
 We do most of the sites early in the morning and late afternoon when it‚Äôs more comfortable as it‚Äôs incredibly hot and humid here; we think only Palenque in Mexico was more sweat inducing.	1
" Aditya has managed to get us 1st class tickets,"	0
We dine at Kebab Corner after a few cheap beers at a local bar.	1
 dates etc ‚Äì and sold in just about all general shops along the streets.	0
 plenty of snack stands and all the facilities you would expect.	1
 There are hundreds of Hotels that have small eating places (veg or non-veg) but very few decent restaurants.	1
 The place is well maintained as it‚Äôs still private.	1
The surrounding garden and area is also well maintained and there are a variety of Temples at corners of the outer perimeter and very grand gateways on each side.	1
 It looks well-kept and managed; there is significant investment in new areas being prepared for the animals.	1
" Be prepared to queue a bit,"	1
 The public ‚Äúpay as you use‚Äù Toilets which seem to be all over the South charge C Rs 3 and M only 2?	0
 The 40km journey to the airport is on the Vayu Vajra A/C Bus ‚Äì a special airport shuttle which costs Rs 195 each compared to the Rs 770 quoted by the Prepaid Taxi stand at the railway station.	1
"Other activities are also organized such as thanks giving to elderly couples completing 50 years of marriage,"	1
 People have to stand on a long queue (picture below).	1
 the length of the queue increases as the time become closer to car festival.	0
 the law and order is maintained by a large number of police.	0
" having shops and businesses,"	1
 Mary‚Äôs basilica is a 300 years old Church and organizing daily prayers.	1
" Some people say that there was boating facility in the lake,"	1
" We managed fine,"	1
 one of the main eating/shopping areas in town.	1
 we bought some famous Mysore pak from the well known Guru Sweet Shop across the street.	1
 or perhaps because they have more immediate issues to concern themselves with.	1
 we walked around window shopping and ate lunch at a great little restaurant we found with generously portioned thalis and delicious homemade ice cream.	0
 our wonderful hosts served us fresh papaya along with chai and cookies (which they didn‚Äôt charge us for) and sat down to talk with us for awhile.	1
" Maybe one day he can come to the UK and see that I can manage fine alone,"	1
" managing a house,"	1
" After we were checked in and shown around we were given a couple of hours to settle in and use the pool etc,"	1
"In the evening we ate by the pool with Abhi,"	1
 They have made the lodges very rustic and have kept the landscape as natural as possible.	1
 Staying in this beautiful resort almost makes you forget that you are in India.	1
 I have asked Abhi how he markets his resorts and he is working solely on word of mouth.	1
 I would recommend this place to anybody visiting Karnataka who wants a bit of luxury after staying in traditional ¬£3 a night hotels and lodgings.	1
 Organic Department and Soil Scientists.	1
 This was very disappointing for me and I think India and the UK need to encourage youth to stay in rural areas and provide job opportunities which benefit the whole community.	1
 it's almost as if they want to look after you and give you a comfortable ride.	0
" The school manages to seek these children out and educate them in the most basic of things,"	1
 but very good to see how much local Rotary clubs are managing to achieve.	1
" After an afternoon of shopping for silks,"	1
I then had the opportunity to speak to a member of staff about some of the issues that healthcare services in England face and I was told that there are some similarities.	1
 Patients can contact relevant hospital staff directly by telephone 24/7 and any issues are looked into straight away.	0
 I haven‚Äôt quite managed to get the full picture of healthcare services so I may have to come back!	1
 They also say that students have much higher expectations when it comes to facilities and lots of welfare measures have recently been introduced for students and staff.	0
 They also bring up the topical international visa issue which has been rumbling in UK universities.	1
 She was supported by the school and the Rotarians and she has even managed to overcome some of her medical conditions.	1
" His son is the owner of India's largest coffee shop chain,"	1
"We were also shown Ganghia's son's very smart resort hotel,"	1
 it does not experience the same issues as government-run hospitals.	1
Angie and Emily are staying with a family who own a coffee estate and have built up an empire of coffee shops called Cafe Coffee Day.	1
 I managed to cobble something together.	1
 I think that the one disappointment for me is the young girls with babies and children who are begging us for money.	1
 If they see a queue they will simply drive past without stopping.	0
" swimming pool and even shops,"	0
 we are given a lodge to relax in.	1
" one of the monkeys got a bit too close to Angie for comfort and started hissing,"	1
 They have managed to save 15%!	0
 It seems to me that we don‚Äôt see enough Indian coffee on our shop shelves and yet there are many benefits the coffee grown here could be sold for i.	1
 After the tour we got the chance to meet the Managing Director and I didn‚Äôt stop firing questions at him!	0
 There is also a push here in India to increase the size of organic land as well as encourage biogas plants and bio-digester systems.	1
Lack of wifi here means we can‚Äôt keep you all up to date as much as we would like.	1
 Some of us have it in some homes and others don‚Äôt so we are trying our best to use open networks in malls and shops when we get a moment.	0
" At the end of the tour we get to take a look around the silk shop to admire the saris,"	0
 We are all a bit like kids in a sweet shop looking through the beautiful colours and designs.	1
Next stop is Silent Shores Resort where we have lunch.	1
 This is by far the nicest resort I have seen in India and it‚Äôs not hard to see why this place attracts international tourists.	1
 It looks just like a Caribbean resort except the swimming pool and bar are deserted!	1
 I still manage to wake up at 8am!	1
 We are staying at the Mysore Sports Club for two nights and we even manage to get to the local mall to do some shopping and use the wifi to update the blog.	1
 I think one of the hardest parts about being away is the lack of internet access.	1
 I saw state-of-the-art equipment and facilities and was impressed with an intensive care unit where each patient had their own room and nurse.	0
lovely Tibetan restaurant and when I ask for the wifi code it is freetibet2013.	1
The one disappointing thing about India is the rubbish which lines every street and roadside.	1
environmentally friendly farm retreat which is still trying to establish a reputation as a family resort which is sustainable in every way.	0
 The food we eat is organic too and cooked on traditional fire stoves.	1
 I catch 40 winks after lunchtime most days when we are travelling from place to place and today I have managed to curl up like a cat on the bus and have a couple of hours sleep on our long and bumpy (Indian roads are amazing!	1
 I managed to join Punit‚Äôs mum and dad for breakfast and they gave me a beautiful gift to send me on my way.	1
 Preeth has me converted and I manage to enjoy a whiskey and apple juice.	1
 How he manages this I have no idea.	1
" The shopping with Rupal afterwards makes up for this and I spend what seems like a fortune (but is actually next to nothing) on 100% silk scarves,"	1
 I try lots of different dishes and even manage to sneak in some wine and an amazing chocolate brownie.	1
 I do understand when they take us downstairs to the cake shop and ask us to pick anything.	1
 especially when we don‚Äôt have wifi to keep updating it!	1
 I also learn about how the university interacts with the community and discover that staff here have the same communication issues as we do at our UK universities.	0
 but we won't let Angie be in charge of the presentation clicker again!	0
As ever here in India there has been LOTs of food and I managed to have 5 meals today!	0
 He is experimenting with multiple cropping systems to get maximum yield from his crops and efficient use of water and land.	1
" We did of course manage mains,"	1
 shopping malls and people immaculately dressed n bright and expensive clothes.	1
" After leaving the temple and visiting some shops selling many idols,"	1
 So I race outside the train station and got a taxi to get me to the connecting station.	1
 I've also managed to break into Di's to rescue her computer.	1
 My nerves were nowhere near as bad as I thought they would be and I managed to say goodbye to everybody without any tears!	1
"The kind moustasted man with the newspaper sign with my name splet wrong probably made it a little easier last time,"	1
" bewildered and praying not to be ripped off i threw on my pack and walked into the crowd of taxi men,"	1
"about the issues of violence,"	0
 We stayed across the river from the main town and after a 9 hour bus journay and a 13 hour train journey we were gladly met by the first person who offered us accomodation across the river.	0
"By the time we knew that‚Äôs typical Resort business strategy,"	1
" after finishing heavy resort meals,"	0
"00 in the morning from the resort room,"	1
 still I managed to capture with my Canon digital.	1
 good cheap accommodation and excellent food.	1
" In fact new 3G phones with their internet access are commonplace which may explain the dearth of public wifi; really it is almost non-existent,"	1
 shops and guesthouses.	0
" These certainly aren‚Äôt must-visit destinations (indeed Trichy is down-right expensive: cheap lodges shooed us away as soon as we approached),"	1
 second class sleepers with two or three tiers of bunks; second class seats and finally (and most certainly a last resort) wooden-benched third class seats.	0
 always declining his offers of cheap prices to the sights (it‚Äôs actually a good hearty walk to Chamundi hill for its panoramic views over the city).	0
 on hearing how we could earn him in excess of 400 rps commission and a new jacket (standard rickshaw issue) at no cost to ourselves we felt compelled to return the favour.	1
"his cousin‚Äôs taxi (for impressive arrivals) and convincing touristic buying-heads on,"	0
 but is still an independently functioning town and definitely retains soul.	1
 only local flop-houses that patently would not have been either secure or safe ‚Äì located near the train station was surrounded by wine shops and grotty bars (many so grim that even we would not consider patronage) and by mid-afternoon the streets were littered with prone drunks.	1
 we did take advantage of Goa‚Äôs cheap alcohol and purchased 6 small bottles of Old Monk which we know will prove invaluable for upcoming dry States such as Gujarat.	0
 Failure to produce a license (easily obtained from the bottle shop if you are aware of the necessity) can result in fines and/or confiscation.	1
" The room we took in Bijapur was tiny with peeling walls and the odd cockroach (no problems with that at all),"	0
and dirt cheap special thalis.	0
 although both Laos and Cambodia (and Malaysia‚Äôs duty-free LangKawi) have notably cheap brews; Indonesia and Sri Lanka for their variations on palm and rice wines ‚Äì the latter in particular for the ambiance of the drinking experience.	0
 you are forced to either face the issue or determine it is negligable the next day and move forward.	1
 and we managed to pull through.	0
" and I have no intention of disappointing (I know you all must be sitting at the edge of your seats,"	1
 I was disappointed to find it completely different from Kevin's.	1
 then cross the river by boat because there is no functioning bridge in the area.	0
 the hotel that we arbitrarily picked from the guidebook in the frenzy of being followed turned out to be recently demolished.	0
" and although the shop owners were very vocal in asking us to look at their wares,"	0
I stumbled upon my favorite little shop toward the end of the afternoon.	1
" The shop keeper was very good at it,"	1
 with your humble correspondent feeling sick as a dog in a Goa resort town.	1
 and jumped a taxi for the hour long drive back to Dabolim airport.	1
 and then jumped a further taxi for the long drive into town.	1
and jumped a taxi back to the airport.	1
" It was left to our friend's from Mumbai's unregistered taxi industry to administer a final kick up the arse before leaving the country,"	1
 and they kept pressing the issue with rapid fire talking.	0
" I maintained my rage all the way to Colombo,"	0
" busy with people at the last minute shopping for groceries,"	0
 as there is no ATM machine at the bank.	1
" My seat in particular had a nice reclining function; except,"	0
" the mechanism wasn't functioning properly,"	1
 while my colleagues maintain that it was a mix of.	0
" The """"resort"""" we stayed at had absolutely magnificant grounds."	1
"Years back in 2003 I saw this wall poster of a white Lord Shiva statue in one of the Kodak Shop in Puchong,"	1
 It was an amazing picture I ever saw and I asked the owner of the shop where about is this place.	1
 I don't even know this God at all or his name so it was kind of difficult for me to search him in the internet those days.	1
""""" a 100ft-by-40ft green pool of water sunk about 40 feet down into the ground,"	1
 and Bala had told me a couple days ago that they did it to call taxis or tease girls.	1
 which is a pretty decent price (about $4).	0
"It only took two shopping trips,"	1
" but we managed to get ourselves in an orderly,"	1
 Sumedha and myself were able to go shopping for saris.	1
"We wandered into a jewlelry shop first,"	1
" I was surprised that we could just take the earrings off the wall of the shop and try them on and put them back,"	1
 so we wandered down the street until we found a shop that looked promising.	1
" In that first shop we went to they catered more to the everyday people,"	1
" We wandered to the back of the shop to look at kurtis,"	1
Once we finally got out of that shop (we all kept looking at kurtis) we wandered down the street again until we saw another sari shop.	1
" The shop owner told us we could only try on a sari if we were likely to buy it,"	1
" At the time I figured it'd be easier to just buy a blouse ready-made,"	0
"The next shop we wandered into because they sold petticoats,"	1
Our next shop ended up being out last sari shop.	1
" The overall feeling of the shop was more high-end than that of the second,"	1
" I was interested to see that in this shop the lady helping Fae with her saris offered her opinion on the choice of fabric color,"	1
" The shop had a tailor who worked nearby come over to arranged making the blouses out of the extra sari fabric,"	1
 the tailor led us to his shop about two blocks away that was tucked into a sketchy back alley that made us a bit nervous when he first led us down.	1
" The shop was about 10"""" deep and 6"""" wide,"	0
 when the bill came he had added extra charges and the two Indian girls had to heckle (again) to get him to drop the price a bit.	1
" We quickly stopped in a last shop to buy leggings for me,"	0
 as long as we'd go to a shop afterwards for only 5 minutes.	1
 Apparently the shop had a deal with the auto driver that if he got people to go to the shop for 5 minutes they'd give him a coupon for 100 Rs and a t-shirt.	1
 super-cheap restaurant in the Kamat Hotel (I think.	0
" since I was shopped out and also hadn't figured out what souveniers I wanted to get for what people,"	1
 Something really funny happened in the shop: I kept looking at a variety of trinkets as possible souveniers for people but with no intention to buy.	0
" Just after we had left the curio shop I thought our auto driver was acting strangely,"	0
 Turns out these guys just worked for a silk seller and their method of getting business was for shopping foreigners (and perhaps Indians as well) to make an unscheduled stop.	0
" along with brown outs and grey outs--since my internet bugged out at that time,"	0
" a few were comfortable enough to spill the beans: for sure,"	0
 I went to a shop a few blocks away for photos I would need for FRRO registration (see: Papers Please).	1
" who was charging just as ridiculous a rate (30 rps ); if they were going to steal from me,"	1
 This poses a bit of a logistical issue for someone not familiar with the city.	0
 though it is not very luxurious by American standards.	0
" we managed to get through immigration without a fuss,"	0
 it seems that one does not queue up in India.	1
" Things are cheap here: the sandwich and water cost less than 200 Rs (rupees) which is around $3,"	0
" and the guy at the coffee shop even heated them up in the microave,"	1
 The drive was very comfortable in the highway.	1
 they offered us to take to a great market place in Mysore were we can shop as long as we want and he will wait outside for us.	1
Mysore is a great place for shopping silk items and Sandal products.	1
" Taxi driver,"	1
 but disappointed to see a small shop which wasn't worth the drive at all.	1
 the guide had said the factory is open only on Tuesdays for visitors but we learnt from the shop that it is open for all any day.	0
 They all came to me on my cab ride from the airport to my apartment.	0
 security in Doha was efficient (you get to keep your shoes on your feet!	1
" I started searching for some kind of """"managed farmland"""" where someone else will take care of all the work and we just need to spend our time with plants and pets."	1
‚Ä¢ Divine Euphoria is a resort-cum-farm land.	1
" There are lot of common facilities like library,"	1
 even though it has all facilities of a resort.	1
 They have a restaurant and most modern amenities you see in luxury villages.	1
 we decided to go by a taxi instead of driving myself.	1
‚Ä¢ No internet connection.	1
" The registration charges were Rs 450/- per person for all three days,"	0
 We saw a queue for the breakfast and got into the queue.	1
We had to make queues for breakfast and bathrooms.	1
 we had to stand on long queues for food.	0
The lunch queue was longer than the previous days (probably there were more participants on the last day).	0
 but there were endless queues near each food counter.	0
" Some wise foodies like me were taking the food plate and standing immediately in the queue near repeat counter,"	0
 It seemed to me a small town with very basic facilities available.	0
 This part of Karnataka is enriched with coffee and pepper plantation and most of the homestays or resorts are either ‚Äòan old estate‚Äô or a part of it converted to a homely accommodation for tourists.	0
‚ÄòOnly one lodge here to the right.	1
I walked back to the same shop and asked for ‚Äòreason‚Äô.	1
 I managed to get hold of ‚ÄòThe Chilligeri Estate‚Äô.	1
" So to bring them to the comfort level,"	1
 I wasn't sure what kind of accomodation they would have for us.	1
 so he took us to a resort just outside the city limits.	0
 and we managed to squeeze 6 of us in to his tiny compact surprisingly comfortably.	1
" He took us to his family home where we transfered into a much larger car which could accomodate all of us,"	0
The resort was gorgeous.	1
" with resort amenities like a fitness club,"	1
 We were especially taken by the pool because it has been so hot here and our hotel in Bangalore doesn't have one.	1
 it was pool time!	1
" While Sagar napped (well deservedly) on the pool deck,"	1
 time sensitive Scout documents to review and a number of issues for school to deal with.	1
" We had planned to hire a car to go to Bandipur National Park to do a wildlife safari this day after failing to make it happen on Friday,"	0
" It's hard to phone a cab becasue we don't have cell numbers which they require,"	1
" EVENTUALLY she secured a cab to take her,"	0
"***Note: I wrote this days ago (Saturday morning) but haven't had internet access since,"	1
The internet seems to have cut out (good bye 100 rupees) so I‚Äôll write this entry in Word and hopefully I can upload it later.	0
 but we had a decent view.	0
 (food has not been an issue on this trip!	1
 This time we weren‚Äôt going to mess around with cabs ‚Äì we just walked up to the road and grabbed some rickshaws.	1
" We managed to score a round table at the side though,"	0
 and she had offered to help us book a car to take us to a National Park just outside of town since we had such difficulty arranging transportation.	1
 They charge 1300/- per person for day trip and much more for night halts.	1
 accommodation is available at Bheemeswari Jungle lodges which is expensive and not worth for people who can return back on the same day.	1
 The big hiccup for me was the lack of internet access in Frankfurt during our stopover.	0
 what major airports don't have internet access these days?	0
" conducting interviews for a hiring committee,"	0
 We had two cars: one was driven by a hired driver but Sagar drove the other one himself.	1
 The other issue was that without an Indian mobile (cell phone) we have a terrible time communicating with anyone.	1
" Much texting was going on through a web-based text service because Anjali had wifi at the Bangalore airport,"	0
 but we were paying for wifi by the hour at our hotel.	1
 Eventually Anjali just worked up the courage to take a taxi by herself to the hotel.	0
" He wanted us to pay to hire him for 4 hours,"	1
 It turns out that was a bit of a miscommunication and now we know the difference between a metered taxi and hiring a driver.	1
" The hotel clearly has a vested interest in hiring cars because they constantly push us to get them,"	0
" We texted the driver's mobile number to Kamini before we left the wifi zone of the hotel,"	0
 The boys went shopping while us girls went off to a little local salon that Kamini knows well.	1
From there we swung by an Indian clothing shop because I wanted to get an Indian outfit for the engagment party that night.	1
 Kamini said the shop we were going to had really well priced stuff so it would be a quick win.	1
 but they were serving important functions and they couldn't be given up.	1
" I managed to find one straight pin and a small """"BEAVERS CANADA"""" pin with a safety pin style back."	1
 hotel manager replied.	1
 I walked further ahead and found that entire campus was huge and maintained with utmost creativity and serenity.	1
 We stayed in a resort which was beyond our expectations.	1
 Your Dandeli hotel would invariably arrange for a pickup at a small cost or local taxis are available just outside both Londa or Karwar station for Dandeli.	1
Our booking was at Kali Adventure camp run by Jungle Lodge & Resorts and was for riverside facing tents.	1
 Gives you fairly an adventurous atmosphere without sacrificing the comforts we city people are accustomed to!	1
 Rafting charges are not included in the hotel package and currently the rate is Rs 1300 per person.	1
" Charges Rs 500 for it,"	0
"Its late evening by the time you come back to the resort but a nice surprise awaits you there,"	0
" the resort is not in deep jungle as one expects it to be and second it is bit overpriced for the kind of facility and food offered (Rs 2,"	1
 The counter got us extremely reasonable priced excellent taxi for further 5 days trip.	1
"Tip : You can get very cheap rates at Kulgi forest camp (Rs 400 per night) but it is actually nowhere deep in the forest,"	1
" Got a good rate from the resort for a Ford Toofan ( a 10 seater) ,"	1
" very spacious and comfortable vehicle,"	1
 the guy charged us only Rs 7.	1
" The other side had lines of back packer resorts one after another,"	1
 the room rates were much lower than next door resorts offering same kind of stuff.	1
 The standard rickshaw charges for a 3 hour ride around is Rs 350 ‚Äì 400 and for a Tata Magic Rs 650 .	1
" climb down and back to the resort for a well deserved round of drinks and wonderful dinner,"	1
 unfortunately the resort has only a beer license!	1
 Getting to Hampi on the hard plastic chair of the standard public bus for 10hrs had not been comfortable in any way so i thought it was an investment to get a nights sleep on the trip back to the coast.	0
 Although it went against every mental calculation I made we actually managed to fit 6 women (and all their rucksacks and daysacks) onto 1 auto-rickshaw for the journey.	0
 we ran into some car issues that took away the rest of the day.	0
If I manage to meet up with Natalie in Kerela!	0
" Buses from Bangalore to Hassan ply in every 10-15 minutes and depending upon the comfort level and your pocket size,"	1
 Hassan is a district town with all the mondern facilities available.	1
 we found 'Hotel Soundarya Residency' fit within our budget and seemed a decent family hotel.	1
first place we stopped was a tea shop on the Chickmagalur-Kemmangudi road.	1
Ravi told us previously that we needed to hire a Jeep from Kemmangudi to drive further 15kms to reach Hebbe.	1
 Somehow we managed to grab a 'grip'.	1
 we maintained to walk down the stream.	1
 We stopped in a place at Attigundi for lunch and managed with steaming 'Chapathis and Chicken Masala'.	1
A taxi would cost Rs.	1
 There is no facility to stay there overnight.	1
 pyramid valley provides many facilities for free.	0
"come into my shop"""" echoes down the street and rickshaws crawl along beside you just in case after saying no five times you miraculously change your mind."	1
" lined with sari shops and spice sellers,"	0
 It manages to balance perfect simplicity with the most elaborate detail and is far more beautiful than I had imagined.	1
 Jodhpur was much smaller and therefore more manageable than the other cities we had visited.	1
" The fort itself was also my favourite out of the many we saw in Rajathan because it was really well-maintained and there was a free audio-tour,"	1
 we managed to book a ticket through our hostel for the following morning.	1
 we set off in a taxi to Nizamuddin Railway Station only to find that our train was departing in a month's time.	1
" I managed to find myself a fantastic waterproof,"	0
 Sharing a bed with both my bags isn't the most comfortable but we have 3 more sleepers booked for South India so I better get used to it!	1
 There's so much more I could have written but I think that's probably enough for now as I'm in a very sweaty internet cafe (in Bangalore).	0
 Second come humans who can choose to be good or bad‚Äîissue of karma comes into this.	0
" nearly 2 years later ‚Äì in an internet cafe,"	0
30am and stopped on the edge of the city to admire the Malik-E-Maidan or in English the Monarch of the Plain an extremely large 55 tonne canon left to rust on one of the cities external walls before looking for a decent hotel room.	0
 We got down at the bus stop and hired an autorickshaw (tuk-tuk) and were charged Rupees 250 to take us the 12kms to the Turtle Bay beach resort.	1
" It was neat and comfortable and with the sound of the waves crashing against the rocks on the coast,"	1
 The property's USP is the presence of rock boulders on the coast with crevices big enough for a person to walk-in and the resort is surrounded by fishing hamlets with boats neatly laid out.	1
 and so settled to shop for some beads (Pavi is crazy about beads) in the little shops that line almost every temple in India.	1
" hiring houseboats (beautiful and luxurious boats,"	1
 but trust my word when I say the luxury costs as well).	1
 as we were told it is best to look for and hire a boat by yourself than to have an agency organise your trip around the backwaters.	0
" who was offering us a motor boat for a decent price,"	0
" as I managed to ruin one of our torch lights and lose another one,"	1
 it is clean and comfortable and within just a few minutes‚Äô walk of the palace.	0
" we then went to a couple of expensive shops so the driver could get commissions,"	1
 although it is gaudy and only a small portion is open to the public I then visited the shop where I purchased some souvenirs.	0
" the Hoysala were the dominant Hindu empire in this part of India for a number of centuries managing to fight of the Muslims off for a number of years before eventually being defeated,"	1
On the way back to Hassan we stopped at a resort for lunch and decide to stay there the night rather than return to that ugly town.	1
" We arrived at the coffee shop and i chose a mangalore thali with the fish and chicken,"	1
 my husband ordered a nasi goreng and after a little rest we left for sun and sand resort which was right on the beach.	1
 entry to the resort also came with snacks and we spent some time at the coffee shop overlooking the beach and viewed some of the rooms and then got into the water.	1
back to the hotel we packed and left our bags at the reception and sat in the coffee shop having club sandwiches and a beer.	1
 i also picked up a fridge magnet from the hotel shop and we left for the airport.	1
 at the airport i managed to find the hotel keys in my bag and called them and left them with the jet airways counter.	1
" The internet cafe only has five computers so if you haven't heard from your son/daughter yet it will be that they haven't had a chance to get in there yet,"	1
 many of them saying the internet can wait until they get home!	0
 Coimbatore Railway Station has a variety of lodges and accommodation for nearly every type of traveler.	0
 it will be diligently and efficiently done ASAP.	1
" But if you do happen to book a room in one of these lodges opposite the Coimbatore railway station,"	1
" cheap and hygienic food,"	1
 Immediately a taxi driver came to us.	1
" of course he is a prepaid taxi driver,"	1
 So we went to the pre paid taxi stand.	1
 The taxi driver joined us.	1
" I think thats why it is called """"prepaid"""" üòä Sepp was quite afraid when he saw how the taxi driver was driving."	1
 When we come to some shops our ride will be free.	1
 We went to a bike shop area and looked for a bicycle for Sepp.	1
" Although we tried several shops and areas where the people,"	1
 He was very disappointed about that and was going away immediately.	1
We were in the cycle shop to get Sepps bike.	0
" I would have gone to the next shop I think,"	1
 Sepp still wanted to stay at that shop and looked for a ready bike that costed much more.	1
" Respect to Sepp who managed to ride through the mega city with a new bike much luggage,"	0
" It is so tasty and cheap and there are so many restaurants,"	1
 We have heard of a resort where you can make boat trips on the backwaters.	1
 As we arrived there Sepp could see my face expressing panic because it was very luxurious and seemed to be very expensive.	1
 We should sit down on very luxurious seats at the reception.	0
 comfortable and very modern cinema.	1
 We didnt feel very comfortable with this statement!	1
 but got very disappointed by the crowd and the clouds.	0
 And with someone's generousity I managed a corner somewhere inside.	0
How to go : Rail/Bus : Nearest station is Chidambaram and from there need to take buses/taxis to Pichavaram which is just 15 kms.	1
 for example most of the people wondering the streets look like they are Auroville hardcore meditators (and Auroville hardcore pot smokers) and many of the hotels/hostels/shops in the city are owned by Auroville and staffed by Auroville devotees.	1
" restaurants with WIFI and for the girls (stereotypical but true) the touristy clothes,"	1
" In the end they agreed to only charge 100 rps,"	1
 a bit of cheap mayo and some warm cucumber seems like a real luxury.	1
 Kerala is a wealthy state with low levels of poverty and we had been staying in small touristy resorts which were somewhat disconnected from the day to day life of ordinary Indians.	1
" We were pretty sure drink would be cheap here given the owners obviously weren‚Äôt paying much for the upkeep of the premises,"	1
 this greedy **** was trying to charge us 225rps per beer which is more than we paid for beer in Indigo one of Mumbai‚Äôs best and most expensive restaurants.	1
" It must be tough in these situations to maintain your professionalism,"	0
" it did however have pretty decent views over the city,"	0
 rickshaws and cheap tat traders who were making an unholy amount of noise on the outskirts of the complex.	1
30am and were checked out and in a cab to the airport by 3.	0
 On arrival we checked in Ruth's bags for her Singapore flight then lodged mine for Chennai which took significantly longer.	1
 We walked around the temple for sometime taking snaps it was surprisingly clean inside and the complex was very interesting although I was disappointed to see a temple elephant that looked in poor condition.	0
" so we just watched the cricket in the lodge's entertainment area and enjoyed the relaxing natural setting,"	1
" the hotel manager suggested we go to a place called Modern Restaurant,"	1
" which are changing shape every day and cost around 30rp (about 40cents) and a ‚Äúwedding ring‚Äù (cheap piece of ‚Ä¶),"	1
 they wanted to charge an extra 2%.	1
I was able to manage 120Km/hr till madurai with small breaks did Bangalore Madurai in 4.	0
You wont find any 5 star accomodation but there are 2-3 3 star decent hotels you can stay.	1
 We were asked by our organizers to disembark immediately to allow room for the porters to get our cases down from the overhead racks and off the train.	1
 We had hired a driver to bring us around for our trip.	1
 we went for a bit of shopping for indian traditional clothes.	1
" it was """"Save The Earth Day"""" and all electricity will be cut temporarily and we wouldnt have managed to check-in."	1
 The roads were so narrow yet the driver skillfully managed to manuvore the vehicle well.	0
 We did some shopping and Ooty is famous for its nilgeri oil for all ailments.	0
 I managed to catch the toy train (actual train) which looked very cute.	1
 shop keepers of both genders opening up for the day.	1
 We stopped for a few minutes to look at a shop that sold mass-market replica stone carvings.	1
 Our real destination was a small shop kept by a master carver where he sells the work of his students.	1
beachside resort under a festival tent.	1
" We rounded off the experience by shopping in a nearby clothing store,"	1
" When the sun got too hot I went to the very large free-form pool and swam all the way round a few times,"	0
" with the pool and deck in the shade and an onshore breeze,"	1
the street for about a kilometre or more were open-fronted shops spilling colourful saris and fabrics for men‚Äôs clothes.	1
" I maintained my semi-indifference,"	1
 Outside the entrance we deposited our shoes at a shop that sold a variety of small items and also provided this shoe service.	1
Another couple of hours on the bus brought us to the fabulous resort of Fisherman‚Äôs Cove.	1
 But my swimming was in the pool because the sea flag was red.	1
 At first V___ was in search of two shopping malls.	1
 He speaks Hindi and quickly arranged for us to squeeze into the passenger seat of a three-wheeled transport scooter with a yellow-cab canopy and body.	1
 It took 2 hours which put me in a bit of a grumpy mood as it wasn't a very comfortable bus.	1
 interconnecting rivers that function as watery highways that people still use for commerce and for getting around in the remote parts of the state.	0
 that I volunteered with last time I was here.	1
"Mom and I stayed at the volunteers' flat and cooked a delicious dinner (well I cooked) of dhal,"	1
" even just the internet cafe,"	1
 who I have decided is no longer allowed to go out shopping on her own because she has no bargaining skills whatsoever and paid way too much money for a purse and shirt.	0
 So now shopping is supervised üòä .	0
 mixed with a bunch of souvenir shops selling mobiles made out of shells that really could have been equally as at home in south Florida.	1
 Since the alcohol is so cheap in Goa that I bought a bottle of Cashew schnapps.	1
 There were many alcohol shops so that I allowed myself a bottle of wine.	1
I was a bit disappointed because I couldnt go into the park with my bike.	1
" la zona piu' a ridosso della sponda del fiume; facile a dirsi se non fossimo in un paese in cui questo animale riveste un ruolo di primo piano nel pantheon religioso locale; tori,"	1
" but I also managed to get the multi-functional seat in just the right position for napping,"	1
" My driver was waiting just outside the Arrivals Hall and 45 minutes later,"	0
" Iíll be chilling out at the Doubletree Hotel and as they also have an executive lounge,"	1
"into that beckoning king-size bed with lots of pillows ñ unpacking can wait until tomorrow,"	1
 He is now my next best friend and I canít wait to see what other choice cuisine selections he comes up with during my stay here.	1
The lounge is a bright and airy room with windows on three sides.	1
 I have more than enough time to make friends with the staff - that always pays off.	1
" banks and ATMS are only allowed to exchange these old notes for new,"	1
" All of this has been developed and sustained while maintaining Delhiís green cover,"	1
" checked into the fabulous Jaypee Palace Hotel for a couple of nights,"	1
 Organized chaos ensued with people grabbing whatever seats were available and to hell with reservationsÖ.	1
" A couple of hours later we pull into Jhansi where my 4-hour bus ride is waiting to transport me to the next port of call: Khajuraho,"	1
remove enough branches to be able to pull the entire trunk out of the road so we could continue our journey.	1
 The inside of the temple has rooms that are inter-connected and placed on an East/West line and constructed with spiral superstructures.	0
" There are hotels that accept only occupants expected to die within 15 days (thankfully not part of the Hilton chain),"	1
" the bus left the hotel and during the 30-minute drive to the riverís edge,"	0
 We stayed here for about an hour before finally turning around and heading back to our departure point.	0
 Once at the airport our first challenge: we had to call the service desk to tell them to bring out the luggage as we were not allowed to enter the airport without a ticket.	1
 But they all gave us the same answer: during work they are not allowed to make phone calls and they do not have a phone for that.	1
" We waited the 5 indian minutes they told us to wait (which were about 20 """"real"""" minutes) - and then,"	0
 Happily we received the luggage and then even discovered an ATM which gave out cash.	1
" The queue was not to long,"	1
 And the queues were mainly terribly long.	0
 We have heard of murders (luckily haven't seen anything like this) and injuries of people waiting for ATMs.	1
 lots of shops are already closing down because people do not spend cash on buying things .	1
 So we were waiting for them to get out of the airport.	0
 We patiently waited and were all very happy to meet!	1
 And we were allowed to join our guru there for the inauguration of the temple.	1
 it is a major tourist destination and so lots of people are waiting to try and scam you in some way or other.	1
The hotel 'Coral Tree Homestay' has to be one of my favourites so far.	1
 It was family owned and for dinner that evening we sat in the family's dining room and ate beautiful home cooked (and vegetarian!	1
 I loved the room; the walls were painted in bright colours and the bedding was decorated all over with elephants.	1
Managed to get a reflection off the water too.	1
" It is usually pretty efficient but with my backpack this time,"	1
" funnily enough (""""nej"""" in Dutch)."	0
"I got an honest tuk-tuk driver for once and as well as charging me the right fare to the hostel,"	1
 The trip would prove to be far easier and more relaxing than the previous one.	1
 About 1pm we stopped at a Hotel for lunch.	1
dining-room where the now familiar buffet awaited us.	0
 having a drink with our fellow travellers and then dinner in the Buffet of the hotel but an early night was needed.	1
 Atul introduced us to an official photographer who came with us and took photos of the group and individual couples which would be waiting for us after our visit.	1
 We walked all round this central room and saw the stone coffins lying side by side decorated beautifully.	1
 Then it was time to leave this magic place and return to the hotel for breakfast.	1
We left the hotel again at 10-30 and our first stop was at a stone cutting workshop where they use the time honoured methods seen in the decoration of the Taj.	1
 We were shown how they do the inlays and then taken to the shop where we eventually bought a beautiful marble plate with a traditional design.	1
 We went inside the room where Shah Jahn was imprisoned by his son and where he died.	1
" The middle room was the bedchamber in which the 14 children were conceived,"	1
" Either side of this are the rooms for the daughters,"	1
The last room we visited was the Hindu Palace dedicated to Shah Jahn's mother-in-law where Hindu decoration and text can be seen.	1
 We returned to the hotel for lunch and then had the rest of the day to ourselves.	1
" Little """"hole in the wall"""" shops sell or manufacture all sorts of things."	0
" It was sold to us as a more up market shopping area,"	0
 however it was more a maze of run down buildings with faeces sprayed up the walls and people sleeping and living in every nook and cranny with the odd glitzy shop plonked in there!	0
) and embarked upon what we thought would be an easy enough 40 minute walk to India Gate.	1
 However no one wrote that everyone else would have the same idea and we'd be standing in a queue for an hour to get in after rushing to get our tickets at 5:45am!	1
"The airlines person informed that we can carry the Asti,"	1
" one should be prepared to dedicate a whole day for travel alone as transit at Delhi could be issue and it happened so as it was not a transit ticket,"	1
Our stay was fixed at Kumarasamy Mutt - http://www.	1
 Kasi Mutt also as these two are managed by the same trust.	1
 This Mutt also manages the Kedar gaht or Kedareshwarar Temple.	1
 The boat man charges about Rs.	1
In spite of the Governments efforts the hygiene and cleanliness is still an issue though there is a hi-decibel public awareness campaign.	1
After a long day of travelling and waiting around.	0
"As such Varanasi is awash with people waiting to die,"	0
Just before I give you some more information I just want to point out that the Ganges is one of the most polluted water bodies in the world.	0
" but I was once told that in legal drinking water you're allowed like five bits of faecal matter per ìbitî,"	0
We stayed in Zostel again (450rs A/C dorm) and it was a short walk to the Ghats.	1
 Although the same rules don't apply to hashish which is looked upon as an actual drug.	1
Bhang is basically legal throughout much of the north of India and consumed in government run shops (but still spoke about under your breath).	1
" A retreat to the room after a couple of hours was a good idea,"	0
" so we could wait 15 hours to get the next flight for about two and half hours to Yangon,"	1
I was really impressed that the locals have managed to set it up with guides etc.	1
Towards the end of the tour the guide starts to tell us about his uncleís shop and family business of carving ornaments out of rock.	1
 In any place near a tourist area in India there'll be some ìcheating menî as the hotel owners call them.	0
" They'll stand on the street and follow you into hotel and try getting commission for taking you there etc,"	1
 or say they can get you a cheap room and it'll be like double the price they've quoted when you get there.	1
We ended up going to the place I stayed at last time.	1
" Hotel Barajang 400rs per night,"	1
 wifi and cable TV in the room.	1
 Amazingly we were put in the same room Iíd had on my last visit.	1
 We went to the shopping area and had a KFC and got blessed with long life in a Hanuman temple.	1
It was like a fun house at a theme park with gods in the rooms instead of your usual amusements.	1
" There's no way Iím giving someone money when they charge you like that,"	0
" figuring weíd had a decent nightís sleep,"	1
" there was a mini-bus waiting to take us to our hotel for the night,"	1
 Hotel Atithi.	1
 Hotel Atithi was probably the most modern and clean hotel so far.	1
" They had a decent small restaurant below the lobby,"	1
" air-conditioned rooms (if you had your key in the holder),"	1
" the room we were first assigned to had not be cleaned up at all,"	1
 who waited until that room was cleaned up.	1
 besides all the rooms in numerous buildings.	1
 we were taken back to the hotel for lunch and to freshen up.	1
 and I had the Hotel Atithi Thali Vegetarian Plate.	1
" Our guide restated the rules about what not to bring,"	1
 so I left my whole fanny pack in our room and Manoli went through her day bag and camera bag to be safe.	1
" There is a rule about no gasoline-burning vehicles being allowed within 1 kilometer of the Taj,"	1
" and sure enough one of our ladies had pens and lipstick and another had two bottles of sunscreen and face cream,"	0
 with a stop at an ATM since there wouldnít be any tomorrow at Tordi Garh.	0
" so I stayed in the room with her and ordered mixed fruit and a Coke,"	1
 we all went back to the hotel to wait our transfer to the train station.	1
î Our guide reminded us that we would not be able to get much to eat on the train and recommended we order something from the hotel to take with us.	1
" While we were waiting for the train,"	0
 we all agreed to go looking for the Blue Lassi Shop again for lunch.	1
 except the two ladies staying near us.	0
" We finally got off the train with our luggage and our guide recruited a number of tuk-tuk drivers to take us all to our hotel in Varanasi for the next 2 nights,"	1
 Hotel Haifa.	1
"Hotel Haifa was okay,"	0
 but not quite as nice or clean as the hotel in Delhi.	0
" We went to our air-conditioned room on the 3rd floor,"	1
" The hotel offered 4 different types of breakfasts,"	1
 we went through some of the market streets to a famous shop called the Blue Lassi Shop.	1
 we all took rickshaws or bicycle tuk-tuks back to the hotel to rest and get ready for an evening boat ride on the Ganges.	1
 so we walked back to the hotel to retire.	1
 We arrived at Varanasi around 2 o'clock and our yoga teachers were waiting for us with 2 vans to go to our hotel.	1
" There were typical Indian convenience shops and lots of people on traditional Indian bicycles,"	1
check in and went to our rooms to relaxed for a bit.	1
We then headed to the hotel for breakfast and a nap.	1
 Then you started wanderkng in through the alleys and eventually you were in a maze full of shopping stalls.	1
 Val and I decided we did not want to go in the temple and we would wait outside with Arcal one of he yoga teachers.	1
 We got to the hotel and grabbed our yoga mats for a well deserved relaxing class and headed to the ashram.	1
 We drank chai and chatted and ate some sprouts and headed back to hotel to pack up for our noon flight.	1
 but the retreat was not well planned we ended up going after yoga on our own with the driver we had and spent about 10 minutes shopping while the drive back and forth to the hotel was about 45 minutes due to traffic.	1
Flights with IndiGo are cheap and excellent service if you book in advance.	1
"We stayed at """"fancy"""" for Indian stand antes hotel,"	1
 The view of the room where we did yoga (open space) was towards the Ganges.	1
"Fortunately our hotel looked out onto the Ghats,"	1
"Temporary respite from the dirt and squalor of the crowded streets was provided by a western style cafe within a textile shop providing another browsing opportunity,"	1
" and then struggled to pay for it because bank connections and ATMS don't work efficiently,"	1
"An uneventful flight to Delhi took us to a boring Ibis hotel for the night,"	1
 as a result of Peters careful management of bank cards.	1
 You may think it must be the Dehli belly but it skipped me there and waited til we're in the colourful town of Varanasi.	1
Once we finally got to our hotel we crashed out for a 12 hour sleep only to wake up with a man entering our room!	1
took Rob to an ATM to get money out in exchange for a refund on my card that I really started to freak out.	0
We finally got back to our hotel from the exhausting day of being ripped off.	0
""""" He even discussed how a poor old couple had been scammed and sent to the wrong hotel from the airport."	1
waiting for our month in India to end!	1
Anyway I've bored you all enough for one blog!	1
 Stay tuned for India part two.	1
" shop keepers,"	1
" Photography is not allowed out of respect for the ceremonies,"	0
 Sanju had informed his boatman that we were interested in going on a rowboat to see the sunrise along the Ganges.	1
 An older woman originally from Germany named Gitta lived there and occasionally they had a room available for people who wanted to spend a night or longer.	1
 still waiting for his guests.	0
" We went into a small room and he demonstrated five different poses,"	1
 Babaji then brought us into his other room and gave us a blessing which included a bracelet and some dye on the forehead to signify the third eye.	1
" We sat in this small room with Babaji and a man introduced himself as an """"aromatherapist"""" and offered us chai."	1
 Both men and women washed and beat their clothing and then placed them wherever there was room to dry.	0
 Need to stay in shape on the road.	1
" We found a cool clothing shop and checked out a few items,"	1
 we returned to our area and tried a good and cheap place near the guesthouse.	1
 She had managed to get to India using standby tickets and now she had the opportunity to try for a flight leaving Delhi on this very night.	1
 then went out and found a nice clothing and fabrics shop nearby.	1
 This was a nice change from the general shopping experience in India.	1
 Bev packed up all her stuff and then we walked out to one of the busier streets where a taxi was waiting to bring her to the airport.	1
 I met up with Ricky and some friends of his who were staying in a guesthouse just down the lane from mine.	1
" I met a few other travelers who were staying in the guesthouse,"	1
 I had already done this once with Ricky back in Udaipur and couldn't wait to try it again.	1
" as he was actually staying at the same guesthouse as Ricky,"	0
 I ate quickly and then walked downstairs were I had arranged to meet a man named Tarak in a music shop right below Babaji's place.	1
 I clicked Save just as the Internet shut down and my entire blog disappeared!	0
 The Internet then didn't work last night so I'll have to do an abbreviated version while waiting in the lobby for breakfast to open.	1
" Many temples were destroyed when the Mughais invaded (and ruled much of India until the British),"	0
 Annoyingly there is a massive queue for the foreigners who have paid 750 rupees and none for the Indians who have paid 25 rupees.	1
"We return eventually to the hotel for a rest and then off to the Red Fort,"	1
"The Red Fort was for many centuries the capital of first the Lodhi sultans who ruled India before being defeated by the first Mughal Emperor Babur in 1526,"	1
 We werenít close enough to fully appreciate their height but they did look majestic.	1
 with shops and homes.	1
We arrived in Agra on the evening of the 15th and checked into another amazing hotel before heading out for our first glimpse of the Taj Mahal.	1
was built by the Mughals who ruled a northern India from the early 16th century until the consolidation by the British colonial rule in the early 1800s.	0
 This is a coffee shop that is run by women who have been victims of acid attacks.	1
 Instead I returned to the hotel and had a hand and foot massage!	1
I still don't understand how they manage to speed through these crowded narrow roads.	0
" Our rooms miles away from Reception & dining room,"	0
"Back to hotel for buffet dinner,"	1
" we managed to find one that was able to bring us to our hostel,"	1
 We waited in the queue and were finally allowed in as the sun was creeping up.	0
 One of the balconies allowed us to see the Taj in the distance.	1
 Had a side lower berth in the AC2 class.	1
Left on time but onky had about half an hour before it got dark and couldn't se any more so resorted to playing games on the tablet and bought water and crisps from the train vendors.	1
After chilling there for 20 mins and managing to fob off many drivers guides and touts I decided to make my was to my guesthoude which I knew was 100 meters away.	1
 staying at Sheraton 4 Points in Agra and after third room got it lucky.	0
damp and peeling walls in two rooms and they smelt musty and water damaged.	0
 so at least they acknowledged their room was crap!	0
 Anyway all good eventually and then we headed out of the hotel for dinner.	1
a little bit Indianed out so went to a lovely restaurant a block or so from the hotel Manchurian Chinese.	1
 Back to hotel for breaky and hydrate and off out again to the Red Fort.	1
 back to Delhi tomorrow for a shopping tour in the arvo - mainly to the Spice Market - then home Wednesday.	1
We'd planned a bit of luxury for Agra having found a very good deal at a new Marriott - not the kind of place we would normally choose to stay but it was less than the price of a very ordinary B & B in the Dales and we thought that we might benefit from a bit of pampering.	1
"30am so expected to have to wait to check in but the room was already available so we indulged ourselves for a few hours with proper coffee,"	1
But we couldn't just sit in the hotel so after lunch we walked out to the main road to pick up a tuk-tuk rather getting them to call us a car (we're probably the only people staying there who didn't go everywhere by car and we were certainly the only people staying there with backpacks that we saw!	1
 more indulgence with dinner back at the hotel but back in the room we could hear the music from the party downstairs really loudly.	1
a name for ourselves as one of the waiting staff apologised for the noise and hoped we'd managed to sleep when it finished.	1
 I asked him if there were any more parties in the hotel for the next couple of nights and he said that there weren't so it should be quiet - phew!	1
 He wanted to take us to the East gate which was closer but we had got the impression it was quite busy with groups from the big hotels so we made him take us to the South gate.	0
 More veggie curry then back to the hotel for coffee and cake - yum!	1
 They were very apologetic and said that we shouldn't pay anything for the tour and could they arrange for us to be taken to some sports shops the following day to try to replace the shoes.	1
" I explained that we would need an outdoor clothing shop and they agreed that there probably wasn't somewhere in Agra,"	1
 particularly with large enough shoes.	0
 We were heading back to Delhi in a couple of days so said that we would try there - H had enough with him to manage.	0
hotel and H had to walk through reception in his socks.	0
It was then that things really started to go wrong at the hotel as a cold shower was followed by an engineer coming and going from our room and leaving the tap and shower running on full.	1
 we turned all the taps off again when we couldn't wait any longer for dinner and told them at reception again.	1
 We also asked about the music that we could already hear playing in our room because we had been told that there weren't any parties that night.	1
 Getting very frustrated with people not telling me the truth I asked to speak to the manager on duty who eventually turned up an hour or so later just as we finished dinner.	1
 He tried to explain the conflict between guests staying in the hotel and party guests but he didn't seem to agree that it was not appropriate to hold loud parties that could be heard in guest rooms.	1
 he was concerned that they couldn't be certain when we would have hot water so he offered us a different room at the side of the building furthest away from the music.	1
 He travelled to the area to see a Sufi sage who lived in a cave to get some advice because he had not managed to have a child with any of his wives.	1
 His Hindu wife gave him a son and he stayed and built the fort and mosque.	1
He then rushed us around the mosque but we stood our ground and went where we wanted to take pictures before finally leaving to catch the bus and then our taxi back to Agra for a final night in luxury.	1
 I fitted in a complimentary massage as offered by the manager the night before.	1
"30/01/16 out of Rajasthan on my classy AC class train (SL full) to nearby Agra,"	1
" turns out to be a French and Australian pair's hired wheels for the day,"	1
" jump on a bus and then after another find my intended district for a stay at the YWCA,"	1
" overnight stay in an eco village,"	1
A few of the worlds population are lucky enough to see some of the great wonders here on earth.	1
From being laid down by Lord Lakshmana to being ruled by Mughal emperors to being the administrative capital during the British Raj to finally being the capital of Uttar Pradesh Ö ìLucknowî has seen it all Ö & how!	1
 RSS volunteers participate in political and social movements and initially drew inspiration from European right-wing groups (including the Nazis).	1
 now the Prime Minister of India) faced a legal process accused of complicity in initiating and not doing enough to stop the violence against Muslims in his state.	1
 a 35 year old who was managing the Government Guest House where I stayed (it being one of two only options for foreigners).	1
"He was adopted but when his step-mother eventually managed to have her own child,"	1
 He then started his self-funded education and gained qualifications and better paying jobs managing businesses.	1
 Nous lui rappelons que nous avons rÈclamÈ cette information ‡ plusieurs reprises ; lui se montre offensÈ et síÈnerve au point de nous dire de partir sans payer.	1
 Le chauffeur de taxi Ètait ponctuel et connaissait bien les itinÈraires ; il nous a mÍme fait dÈcouvrir un restaurant indien vÈgÈtarien sur le chemin du retour.	1
 nous avons rendez-vous vers 7h30 avec le chauffeur de taxi qui nous a emmenÈs ‡ Agra.	0
 Avec les embouteillages il nous faut 2h pour rejoindre líaÈroport ; il est 12h40 quand on commence la queue pour líenregistrement.	0
"10 minutes plus tard (12h50) la queue níavance pas,"	1
" but while I was traveling in India the internet was so unreliable,"	0
"My friends and I were lucky enough to book """"guest house"""" rooms on the internet from Dehli,"	1
" Plus our room came with boat ride reservations the night of the 24th,"	1
On Travelblog as well as from other travellers we have heard and read horrible stories about accomodation and about scams in Agra.	1
" with cockroaches and rats running around) we were only going up to the rooftop,"	0
 So it is not a cheap thing to do.	0
 We then organized a rowboat and rower.	1
 These were poor men waiting to die so that they were on the spot to be cremated.	0
Now wait for this: dogs were there and they would find the human bones that were not fully burnt.	0
 The area was full of soldiers because of security issues and communal tensions.	1
"We then went back to the hotel to have breakfast,"	1
 pack up and then move to our next hotel the Meradan Grand Hotel.	1
 the highlight of our trip so far was this particular night when we were literally dragged into a wedding reception at our hotel by the bride's father.	1
We entered the reception room where there were 100s of people and the father sat us in the front row of seatsÖasking one person to moveÖvery embarrassing!	1
 The bridesmaids blocked the reception room doorway.	1
 The groom had to buy his way into the room by placing money on the silver tray which one of the girls was carrying.	1
 the groom entered the room and sat on a lavish lounge which was on a stage.	1
 we checked out of our hotel and our driver took us to the airport.	1
We stayed at the Taj watching the sunset.	1
We then found Ravi waiting for us after we caught an electric bus for the 1km ride back to the car park.	1
 we arranged a tour with one of the men who worked at the hotel as his cousin owned a boat.	1
" We set off from the hotel expecting to jump in a tuk-tuk however we ended up walking along the road which was crowded with cars,"	1
 He showed us special viewpoints at the top of buildings and he took us to the famous Blue Lassi Shop (lassi's are yoghurt drinks mixed with a fruit of your choice).	1
" Adil informed us that family members are not supposed to cry at cremations,"	1
It feels surprisingly normal when you watch the ceremony which lasts 3 hours (however we only stayed for 15 minutes).	0
" Unfortunately the tickets we had bought were on the waiting list,"	1
" With no WiFi and all shops and cafÈs closed,"	0
 we had no way of finding a hotel or hostel to book a room.	1
 So we had to turn up on the doorsteps of hotels and ask if we could stay.	0
" After being rejected from EIGHT hotels because we were foreign and therefore do not hold an Indian identity card,"	1
 but at least the room had air-con.	1
" You are advised to arrive 1 hour before your train to allow time to get yourself to the right platform,"	0
 We spent most of the time sitting in a hotel next to the station drinking ice tea and milkshakes but sensed that we had overstayed our welcome.	1
 we were squashed up with 2 security guards who squeezed in next to us (who are apparently allowed to sit anywhere they want).	1
 trains in India rarely give any information at all about when the next stop will be or what stop it is.	1
" Our hotel was clean and quiet,"	1
" Although sick boy only managed a couple of slices of toast,"	1
 it is hard to tell who is lying on the ground sleeping whilst waiting for a train and who is sleeping on the ground permanently.	1
 The family informed us that they were new goats and had been bought for the Muslim festival of Eid.	1
" we have come to the conclusion that they have severe difficulty in differentiating between edible and non-edible substances,"	1
 you are only allowed if you are a holy man.	0
 It started to take its toll as we waited on the train to Allahabad and hit hard.	0
 We managed to find our train which was running late.	0
"We stopped by the famous lassi shop by the simple name of """"Blue Lassi""""."	1
 Whilst enjoying our lassi we spotted a familiar face enter the small shop - Tamir - from Jaisalmer a few days ago!	1
"That evening at the ghat near our hotel we took a short half an hour paddle boat ride along the ganges which was nice,"	1
Accomadation: Hotel Ganesha.	1
 allowing my body what it needs to recover!	0
Our tuk tuks were waiting outside to take us back to the hotel.	1
" but waiting for Anna,"	0
" At first I was disappointed that we could not go on boats due to the rains,"	1
 so one train had to wait off the line whilst the other one passes.	0
"Whilst waiting for the food,"	0
It's been really good staying in Bissau Palace Hotel.	1
 and managed by the Bissau family.	0
" a cold drink and a comfort break,"	1
 It was the same Costa and hotel that I stayed at last time.	1
 no one was allowed in the streets.	0
" We had to stay put until they passed,"	1
" Some bits of information came back to me,"	1
"We got to the hotel; first job,"	1
 Madira Bar in the Hotel Amar.	1
""""" scammers outside of the station and entered the main hall and looked at the train information board."	1
we managed to find our train and designated sleeper seats in time.	1
" Moving around our stuffy hostel room in a haze we hurriedly got ready,"	1
Our guide was very informative albeit a bit fast as he talked and walked us through areas of the complex.	1
Both rooms were not dingy by any means and also had amazing views of the taj mahal.	1
 We had just had enough off paying entrance fees by that point.	0
 I thought everyone said India was a cheap place.	0
 tired and silenced by our reflectiveness we hopped into our waiting rickshaw to take us back to our hostel.	0
 If this wasnít enough there was hundreds of rats running up and down the rails.	0
"Whilst we were waiting for our train,"	0
 masses of people sat waiting for a train.	1
 With so many trains coming and going we questioned whether they were waiting for the same train.	0
 We asked around but no-one understood us so we waited where we thought we oughta be.	1
Accommodation: Hotel Sidharta (hostel).	0
" The people were friendly enough to arrange a space for me to sit on a top bed,"	1
 was on a waiting list from Mughal Sarai (about 10km outside Varanasi) to New Delhi.	1
 together with a French guy who was also staying at the guesthouse.	1
 it was easy to take pictures without having to wait too long for your turn to pose in front of the building.	1
 from where they ruled the country.	0
 I told one of them that they always try to charge double the price and thatís why I dislike them.	0
 I decided to tell him where I was staying and asked how much it would cost.	0
 First I went outside on the main street to get some food and I had to go to the ATM as well.	1
 women are not allowed near the cremation sites.	0
 watching a bit of cricket (they allowed me to bowl a couple of times too).	1
 take a look at their shop etc.	0
 there are some temples in Varanasi but I was at a stage where I had more than enough of temples etc.	1
 they told me that I was on the waiting list (I completely forgot that) and that I couldnít board the train.	1
" I carried all my things to this waiting room and asked this friendly-looking couple and their baby,"	1
" Luckily enough my guesthouse was pretty close to the station,"	1
" I didnít stay with him because he lives a bit outside of the city,"	1
 study-room etc.	1
" It allowed me to meet one of the nicest,"	1
" (I really think he has a waiting list by now,"	0
" This is and will be most probably the only time in the 1AC (seating) car in India,"	1
 Such a luxury in India.	1
"The only downside of the location of our hotel in Jaipur was that since it was in the muslim part of the city,"	1
"The other issue we faced yesterday was discovering that two bottles of mineral water we bought were probably refilled,"	1
 But we were lucky enough to make a small boat ride on the Yamuna river when Taj was closed (meaning: no tourists).	1
"We met a very nice gentleman who was staying in the same hotel and had some great conversations - to say the truth,"	1
" hospital stays in Chennai),"	1
"I'd said to Molly Brown this morning that the room sharing wasn't really working too well,"	1
 but I stand by my thinking that I had on day 1 (even more so now) that she is a deliberate pain in the ass in order to end up with a room to herself without the extra cost.	1
" We waited whilst some people went to use the loo,"	1
 Halfway into the journey we stopped for lunch at a place called Sushams Haveli hotel and restaurant.	0
We handed our passports to the Indian office for stamping and was told to wait outside.	1
We reached the hotel which was a welcoming sight for most.	1
 There was even a gym and swimming pool but unfortunately both were closed for the night.	1
"We were allocated our rooms and Molly Brown had made no reference to our conversation this morning so seeing as we'd be sharing again,"	1
Chris the guy from Belgium kindly offered the spare bed in his room should the snoring get too much.	1
 He hadn't paid a single supplement either but had had a room to himself because of how the numbers worked out.	0
I chatted to lloyd who asked me how I was managing sharing with Molly Brown.	0
Back in the room I had a lovely hot shower whilst Molly was sewing her trousers flicking through the tv channels.	1
" It's almost laughable that we have a congestion charge within a few miles radius of central London,"	0
 and completely got why she'd had enough and wanted to return home.	1
" a well english-speaking Indian man told us that we were not allowed to go strait to the station,"	1
 spice and food from the people who sell it on the street- but the rule is: only go where many buy food and we didn't get any issues.	0
allowed in few licor stores.	1
(4) I went with 3 other Europeans to the Lotus Temple for the 2nd time and gained more information about the Bahai.	0
 We sat at a sleeping compartement which was more comfortable than expected.	1
 I gained the information that most Indians additionally get high during holi by Haschisch tea.	1
"(6) We left the hotel at 10 am and immidiately met some children that roughly smeared color and color water everywhere at us (eyes,"	1
" Even one Indian told me that I am a """"problem"""" and should stay in a room (and that he can offer a room for 500 Rb."	0
 But my friend has to drop off the tuktuk at a Delhi Bus station because we went to Jaipur and I had to go to the accomodation by my own in that tuktuk (after 9pm).	1
 only Indians were allowed to stay and they gave us the address of the hotel.	1
 Turns out that a full afternoon of snoozing for Molly brown wasn't enough and she snored the whole night.	1
" Just as I was managing to drift off she'd start again,"	0
 Turns it it wasn't until 0530 but it allowed me time to have a couple of coffees before heading out.	0
" I thought of Bridgend Dogs Trust where I volunteer as a dog walker,"	1
 We went back to the hotel and had an hour to kill before meeting up again.	0
 I didn't want to risk going to sleep so I got some wifi and sent some messages.	0
 The 'factory' turned out to be a series of rooms in people's homes dotted around a lot of alley ways.	0
" across the road was a room that housed all the bobbins of silk,"	1
" Before heading to the 'shop' where you could by the silk,"	1
 The man even said he could tailor make the tops and drop them off at the hotel later-what's service.	1
We thanked the man and some people wanted to stay in Varanasi and have a look in the shopping mall.	1
" I was so pleased that up until now I had managed to survive india without the dreaded Delhi belly,"	0
"The shopping mall consisted of around 3 floors of 5 shops,"	1
" all mostly clothes shop for men,"	1
 2 sports shops and eating places.	1
We stopped by a camera shop and asked if they had Nikon lenses.	1
 I found a shop selling saris that were much cheaper (about £25) and tried to find ones to fit.	1
We got a tuk tuk back to the hotel where I was looking forward to having an afternoon snooze.	1
" I really wanted to stay in bed but thought I should eat as we were having such a long day tomorrow,"	1
 It was 6pm so thought I'd go eat in the hotel restaurant.	1
" They said that they were ordering room service and as no one had gone out for dinner in the end,"	1
room to share the booze.	1
" We stopped at a little shop on the way and I was in dispair when the driver did what looked to be a U turn,"	0
 chose to reverse that part instead to pull up outside of the shop-all with oncoming traffic beeping us out of the way.	0
"At the station we piled into the waiting room for an hour or so,"	0
 other wise it would have meant a long stay in that waiting room.	0
" I thought of Daryls pep talks in the changing room where he'd make everyone close their eyes and visualise the game,"	1
" This made it easier in a way,"	1
 it seemed easier to look at that person I'd left back home.	0
 as I'd have had to wait a bit longer for something else to remind me of the next new and exciting chapter of my life that would be beginning in a matter of weeks.	0
I made my way back to my bunk and thought enough was enough.	0
 We walked across the road to the hotel which wasn't too far.	1
") the hotel was lovely,"	1
" Raghu handed out the room keys,"	1
 Raghu did say that I could have my own room for the rest of the trip for an extra £200 for the week.	1
I headed down stairs to get something to eat from the hotel restaurant.	1
 Again it was such a contrasting place-there were people like this and round the corner we'd just driven past a Tommy hillfiger shop advertising the latest fashion.	1
 They leave all their worldly goods to their children or family and head to Varanasi to wait for God (I don't know which one as the Hindus have so many) we then turned around and headed towards the Ghats where the cremations took place.	1
 There was a whispering wall where you stood in certain places and talked and the person at the other side of the room could hear you-so clever.	1
 but we weren't allowed into that part for obvious reasons.	0
 It was in a really good location with shops and money exchanges across the road so I went to get some more rupees.	1
 We did manage to get plenty and had a decent amount of time to look around.	1
" You weren't allowed to take photos or talk in this part,"	0
 but not before stopping by a tat shop to buy a mini model of the Taj Mahal to sit on my bookshelf once home.	1
" didn't know the purpose of the red light (although the test rules have been said to be stricter nowadays,"	1
at the hotel I showered and noticed the extractor fan wire handing just above the shower head (great Indian health and safety) so rinsed quickly and hopped into bed.	1
A couple of disappointments firstly after travelling all the way to Similpal national park I discovered on arrival that foreigners now need a special permit that would take four days to arrange anx I cant sit around on my arse that long.	1
 I then attempted to visit the World Heritage listed Mahabohdi Temple but I couldnt get as mobile phones are not allowed since the complex was bombed by islamic terrorists a few years ago.	1
 and not everyone is prepared to leave their comfort zone to experience it.	1
" we made sure to hire a reputable guide who not only made sure we were safely escorted,"	1
 and provide us with all the information we'd need to understand the culture.	1
"are not going fast enough"""" or """"watch out I'm heading straight into your lane""""."	1
 We also passed a room with weaponry that they used to use back when the palace was being guarded.	1
""""" The one thing our guide was able to tell us about this place was that the many beautiful windows of the Hawa Majal weren't only used for decoration but that they also had some sort of screen on them that allowed cool breeze to come in and that permitted the ladies to look through to view the proceedings of the people down below."	1
shopping was extremely fun for us.	1
" We tried on and shopped for the traditional Indian Saris,"	1
" and I shopped at this textile store and got many things like the saris,"	1
 It was so much fun browsing and shopping for things that Indian's typically wear and have in their home.	1
"We stayed at a really nice hotel called the Taj Vilas (3 Star),"	1
 these strict rules are in place in order to keep the air around it as clean as possible and to maintain a protected barrier.	1
 and then went back to the hotel to eat breakfast.	1
") One more tip: if you are visiting India you will need a converter to charge your camera/appliances,"	1
 The traffic was worse and the hotel we stayed at wasn't so great.	0
 Can't wait for what is next to come.	1
" And nor were the Hotel Deepwoods,"	0
" but when the young guy from the hotel saw me; trying to eat with 5 layers of clothes,"	0
 and within minutes two fan heaters with a combined output of my travel hairdryer (yes I really do have one) arrived!	0
 That's a darn cheap date night in my opinion.	1
" Most of you know me well enough to identify this as one of my favourite triple malts,"	1
 which has to be easier than the 448 km train journey from Amritsar to Delhi at 5am this morning.	0
" but not quite so luxurious as the last train,"	0
)) The poor cab driver from the hotel was still waiting patiently when we finally arrived.	1
We didnt make full use of our stay in Agra or of the hotel (which is the most expensive one I booked in India) facilities due to our colds.	1
" didnt use the hotel pool,"	1
" After getting up late we sat on the roof terrace sipping a medicinal tea recommended by the manager for colds,"	1
" We are very very lucky to be wealthy westerners able to travel in the comfort of a first class lockable sleeping cabin for 2,"	1
 (but by international standards this luxury comes cheap at £300 for a months 1st class unlimited travel including sleepers).	1
 At every level crossing there were crowds of people on bicycles waiting for the train to pass.	1
We took a motor rickshaw cab from the station to our guesthouse after breakfast.	1
" Another thrilling cab ride weaving between cattle,"	1
 We are so lucky that we can slink back to the quiet of our room or the rooftop restuarant.	1
 as we needed to leave the hotel by 5am to catch our 6am train.	1
" We managed to shower,"	1
We jumped into a taxi and made our way through the cityís thick morning fog to New Delhi station.	1
 walked along the busy platform and waited for our train.	0
 We finished the meal with a lassi (frothy yogurt and milk drink) and headed to Hotel Taj Resorts.	1
"rooms were ready,"	1
 We managed to get a few iconic photos as we entered the main gate before the ruthless camera touts bullied us (and everyone else) out of the way to make room for tourists who had paid to have iconic photos taken of themselves.	1
 so we organised a taxi to get there.	1
 so we jumped into our taxi and headed back to the hotel around 9pm.	1
 The taxi driver ran straight over it without even attempting to brake.	0
" I couldn't tell if they were camping overnight while waiting for trains,"	1
We were in Chair AC class.	1
" The train was possibly the most comfortable weíve been on so far,"	1
 and he managed to convey the details of life in the fort in a way that really brought it all to life.	1
 The walkway we used was inclined and angled at 90 degrees so charging war elephants couldnít get a run up before they hit the doors.	0
"During the rule of Akbarís grandson Shah Jahan (who built the Taj Mahal),"	1
" We saw the beautifully decorated rooms where Shah Jahan had spent his last days,"	1
 The palace designs displayed a skilful use of wind and water to keep the rooms cool in summer.	1
 There were large hooks for heavy curtains and rugs on the marble floor to keep the rooms warm in winter.	1
"We headed to the Hotel Taj Resorts,"	1
 which was one of the few hotels we've stayed at that was grander on the inside than outside.	1
" It was a super clean hotel and the room was smallish but very,"	1
" Hot water systems (and their availability) have been hit and miss in most of the Indian hotels we've stayed in,"	1
 because we had our first rainy day and the temperature struggled to stay in the double digits.	0
 the view of the Taj Mahal from the hotel rooftop wasnít a selling point.	1
 He wanted the Taj Mahal to be constructed completely of marble but due to weight issues it had to be made from brick and clad in the stunning white marble which came from Varanasi.	1
 and it was late afternoon when we finally arrived at the gates by electric shuttle bus (petrol/diesel vehicles are not allowed within the vicinity of the Taj Mahal).	1
" There was a gender segregated queue for security,"	1
 there was still plenty of whistle blowing and yelling to try and keep queues orderly and the weird entrance systems flowing smoothly.	1
 very expensive buildings that are built as show pieces with no functional purpose.	1
 Peter and I caught a taxi there and settled in for what was probably the best meal of this trip so far.	1
" On the taxi ride home,"	1
Next we head west into Rajasthan to stay in the converted Madhogarh Fort.	1
To start we ate at the hotel and I was feeling much better (thanks to a couple little pills to help stop things).	1
There were so many different rooms throughout the Fort that were used for many different funations.	1
 There were the receiving rooms where the king would receive the visiting dignitaries or his people.	1
 Very comfortable and easy to get around and experience the grounds and feelings of the area.	1
 We left our hotel around 8:30 or so and began our 8 hour bus journey to Agra.	1
"Along the way we stopped at a large hotel out in the middle of nowhere,"	1
 The hotel was amazing.	1
there seems to be many of these along the routes so people travelling between the cities can pull over and dine or grab a room for the night.	1
We hired a auto (cost Rs.	1
 50) to book hotel as hotel booking was not done previously.	1
The auto took us to hotel Simla palace .	1
in/Hotel_Review-g297684-d674104-Reviews-Hotel_Simla_Palace-Lucknow_Uttar_Pradesh.	1
It cost around 1150 per room (Non-AC with hot water and TV) and Rs 200 extra for 1 person.	1
The room is good for budget.	1
It is advised to check room before you actually book it.	1
We hired two auto for visiting near by tourist spots at about 2 PM .	1
" If you hire a guide,"	1
 Please note that lone couples are not allowed to enter with out a guide.	1
Third day:-We hired a cab for Rs 800 to visit zoo and residency.	1
We left hotel at 11 AM and completed our tour at 3 PM.	1
After that the cab dropped us on Lucknow junction station .	1
Fourth day:-We reached Agra at mid night and booked a cab costing Rs 350 to board hotel (You may contact Sourav 9837551015).	1
our hotel was http://www.	1
We booked 2 rooms for Rs.	1
The rooms were quite clean and big.	1
But it is suggested to check room before you book.	1
"We hired a cab from hotel for Rs 2200 to visit Fatehpur Sikri,"	1
The cab was Chevrolet enjoy and it was new.	1
We left hotel for Fatehpur Sikri at around 10:30 AM morning.	1
But you need to hire a Tanga from parking place which will cost Rs 150.	1
We headed towards hotel at around 7:15 PM.	1
Fifth day:-We hired a cab for Rs.	1
We booked a hotel Chandralok opposite to Indian Coffee house.	1
The rate of room was 750 for double bed and 950 for three bed.	1
Sixth day:-We hired a Auto for Rs 700 for local sight seeing.	1
We hired a Cab for Rs.	1
We finally reached to Varanashi at around 6:30 PM and booked Raj Mahal Hotel beside Kancha Post office.	1
The hotel is very clean.	1
This restuarent is very cheap and food is excellent.	1
Eighth day:-We hired a auto for Rs.	1
After that we hired a auto to visit Sarnath which is 10 KM away from Ghats.	1
" When normally meditating the greatest difficulty has been thinking that I should be organising this gig or planning that day,"	1
 Perhaps anxiety about not having booked accomodation in Gaya?	1
"The room at Mishra Guest House was basic but at 300 rupees a night it was fine,"	1
 The building had a rooftop restaurant that claimed to have wifi but did not for the duration we were there.	1
 a handful of others also staying at Mishra beside us in the wooden boat that was being rowed by a quiet local.	1
 It began with signing in and being assigned the rooms in which we would sleep for the next 11 days.	1
 though all the females and most of the males were in rooms of 2 to 3 people.	0
 The room is made of bare concrete and has little more than a bed inside.	1
 for nearly 100 hours over ten days was a sarcastic response by the universe to E's and my desire to stay in one place for a while after spending the previous 11 days almost constantly moving.	0
 An uncomfortable bed did not make the night's sleep any easier either.	1
" Being in the same room as E but having to ignore her felt weird,"	0
" Though we weren't able to eat or sleep in the same room I was able to speak to E on Day 10,"	1
 cheap place in a chilled our part of the city.	1
"My primary issues with retreat were in the discourses,"	0
" My issue with this is that it turns the physical body into little more than a tool for the mind,"	0
 It must have been mind blowing in its opulence when Shah Jahan ruled this part of the world.	1
 In the smaller version you get in Delhi they don't allow you to sit next to the driver so Jane had to sit on someone's knee and the three boys jammed on the seat.	1
 It is made by the shop in bottles stoppered with the a internal glass marble that you press down to break the seal.	0
" coming after a dingy night at the Diamond Hotel and a rough few nights in Jhansi and Agra,"	0
" enough blankets for both of us to stay warm,"	1
" He is rich and has led a fairly comfortable life from what I can gather,"	1
" Thapar had mentioned he'd got us a cheap deal on the entrance fee but when we got there we found out it wasn't cheap,"	0
 This was clearly not a cheap restaurant and E and I are aready running way over our daily budget due to the Delhi Mistake.	1
" A steady stream of dead bodies being carried down the passageway outside the shop on bamboo stretchers wrapped in bright cloth just emphasised where we were,"	1
We had a very acceptable double room with ensuite for 1000 rupees a night.	1
) They gave me a spare room to lie down in and boiled water for me to sup before we had to leave to catch the train to Delhi.	1
 We look forward to staying in other Zostels on our trip.	1
 The auto driver in Jhansi followed us for 25 to 30 minutes as we searched for a place to stay in town.	1
 Eventually we found Hotel Shrinath Inn and got a room whilst he continued parked up outside for us for who knows long?	1
 It included accomodation for one night in Agra but other than that little more than train tickets for a total of £98 per person.	1
The round trip has also resulted in spending more money on accomodation than we'd have preferred to.	1
 That's entirrely don to our naive belief that we could turn up in a town and find somewhere fairly cheap to sleep at the drop of a hat.	1
" Our room in Jhansi was pretty ramshackle and involved an awkward 30 seconds with a bell boy - that hadn't actually done anything - closing our room door very slowly whilst we didn't give him a tip,"	1
 and our first night in Lucknow resulted in spending nine hours in a room that could almost certainly only have been used for illicit sexual pleasure.	1
 Most of the hotels were booked up so we after over an hour of searching accepted an 800 rupee bedroom at Hotel Diamond that wasn't even on their room listing.	1
 we finally got a rickshaw to drop us at the Ganges and it wasnít long before we had searched and found a room at Hotel Ganges View just south of Assi Ghat on the Ganges River.	1
Slightly above our budget (as we were in need of some pampering) we paid up the room for 6 nights for 9000 rupees and decided to sit tight with a little view for my birthday week.	1
 After a few beeping horns and a great cheeky Chai I decided to head back to the room to take advantage of our satellite TV and comfy bed.	1
 On our stroll from the south you begin by passing small lanes filled with dust that is created from the traffic and dried out cow dung that I have to say doesnít make most of the streets in Varanasi comfortable to walk around.	1
 The Ganges almost looked clean enough to swim in.	1
 There is an art to using just enough wood to completely incinerate a corpse.	0
" a taxi driver,"	1
informed for sure.	1
 We decided to take a train and pay a little more for an aircon express from a station a little way out of town to Kolkatta where we took night to rest in a basic room before saying goodbye to our mates Joe and Annie.	1
" a three hour wait on KohSan rd,"	0
 The major problem is that in this area cars are not allowed so you have to leave your cab and take a cycle rickshaw.	0
 Good hotels are few and rare.	0
 I have stayed at the Lara hotel because of its location and its safe.	1
 500 - 700 to hire a small car.	0
 they will charge you what comes to their mind so do haggle.	1
 Prefer hotel cars as they will ensure cleanliness and safety.	1
 Sandstone is the regional specialty the amazing thing about sandstone is that once you wash it with water it keeps your room fragrant with smell of wet earth.	1
 Mobile phones and liquids are not allowed so either leave it in your hotel or deposit with the guy who keeps your shoes.	1
t(MISSING)emples donít allow shoes.	0
 You need to deposit your shoes and bags with shops near the temple gate and you can collect them on your way back.	1
 In case of any doubts please talk to policemen they are your best source of information around the temple complex.	1
 Do check the timing with your hotel and the closest ghat.	1
 There is an old fort not very well maintained but in case you are into that you might consider visiting it.	0
 Also if you can manage the chaos then Dev Deepawali in November is a spectacular scene.	0
 so I thought I'll get back to the hotel two hours before the train so I can pack and chill before a 13 hour train journey.	1
I manage to just about find the platform and catch the train just in time because it's late.	0
" then the fort and wait and take me to a restaurant,"	0
 and again wait then take me to the station.	0
" I always assumed there'd be loads of different rooms and stuff,"	1
" stuck waiting for an hour,"	1
" also known as a rickshaw) to """"yogi lodge"""" recommended in the guide book,"	0
"The rooms pretty clean,"	1
" explaining that everyone outside the walls of the hotel are crooks and liars,"	1
" You're stood outside a shop on a tiny street,"	0
 We were staying at Aman Homestay and they had sent a driver for us.	1
 Once we settled into our rooms (which were really lovely) we showered then decided to head out for breakfast.	1
 The homestay arranged a tuktuk for us for the day and our driver was waiting for us.	1
 We headed off to the fancy Raddisson hotel nearby who had said we could use the gym.	1
" A lady escorted us through the hotel (we felt very out of place in our gym gear) and showed us this amazing gym,"	1
We then asked our tuktuk driver Vicky for a gym and he took us to the most dodgy looking hotel in the middle of nowhere.	1
 It was so old school but there was HEAPS of equipment and they charged us a paltry $1 to use it!	1
" Afterwards we headed back to the hotel and when we got there,"	1
 We retired to our rooms after dinner and had an early night as we were getting up early for sunrise at the Taj!	1
 it was a short but lovely stay at Aman Homestay and Agra.	1
Up and out of the hotel by 5 am to catch the train to Agra.	1
 We then headed off to our hotel to relax before heading out to see the Taj Mahal.	1
We returned to the hotel to change for dinner and then took a tuk-tuk to a nearby restaurant.	1
 I ordered coffee from room service for the three if us.	1
" and our room checked over for items missed,"	1
I did manage to get my sari.	1
'efficient' head on at about 4.	1
" Again we were not disappointed; it was cloudy,"	1
 but Emily and I managed to catch a few great photos just over a few minutes whilst it burst through a break in the clouds.	1
" some people went back to the hotel; Tom,"	1
 that is so much easier with eight people than with 16!	0
"The train managed to arrive with only an hour and a half delay,"	0
 I did manage to get that.	1
Ankur put a smile on everyone's face this morning when he informed us that we are going to Agra.	1
We went back to our rooms for a bit of a rest as we had a couple of hours to kill before meeting back as a group.	1
" Jude set the alarm to allow for a nap,"	1
imam reliably informed by our guide Dushyant.	1
 but we were not allowed to take any photos.	0
 and also groups of people waiting on the steps with bound and covered bodies adorned with flowers waiting for them to be cremated.	1
Then we headed back to the hotel where I managed to catchup on some of my lost sleep from the crazy night train.	1
 Mary and Steph waited until we hit the shore liNd and then paddled in.	1
 We were not allowed to take photos of the cremation sire but we could take them from a distance.	0
 let you take photos and then charge you thousands of rupees not to say anything.	0
 Then a tuk tuk home to the hotel We got stuck in traffic and found ourselves being followed by a man who had taken a shine to Mary and was walking with his dick out in his hand.	1
"She and her husband have worked hard to move from living in a one bedroom place at the back of a shop to a lovely little new build home with separate bedrooms,"	1
We arrived in plenty of time to catch the train so waited in the ladies only waiting room.	1
" So eventually our guide asked the waiting room attendant to ask her to ove,"	1
 She tried to get it but couldn't so her husband tried but was holding all the passengers up waiting to get on.	1
" We did have AC and a fan,"	1
The AC was on full so it was cold but we didn't know how to get a blanket.	1
 but sadly no that luxury was to be taken away from me.	0
Finally we were pulling into Varanasi we had to wait 45 mins in the heat with no AC and only a ceiling fan to keep us cool.	1
 As usual we had to dodge to maic traffic and avoid an early death on the roads lol but we managed it and all arrived at the air conditioned hotel all in one piece.	0
We headed to our rooms for a quick shower and then meet for lunch in the restaurant.	1
 In most hotel rooms on this trip we have had to insert the key fob in to a slot behind the door to activate the leccy and AC.	1
 We were then advised we had not pushed the key fob in the right way or far enough so in fact all was ok with the leccy and it was also user error on the tap front too!	1
When we got back to the hotel guess what .	0
 just the reception so the lobby was packed with guests and the sound of the party voices and music was coming up from the room the reception was being held in.	1
 well as you can guess by lack of updates I have been having wifi issues.	1
 This time it's intermittently on and off and I have to sit in a fan cooled room but it's still very warm.	1
" We are staying in the same hotel,"	1
10am we left the hotel and drove the short distance to the car park.	1
 Ladies in one queue and gents in another.	0
After watching the kids playing and swimming etc we wandered further into the complex and climbed some stairs to a pool where people were swimming and kids playing.	1
Sorry I haven't blogged for the last couple of days but we had no internet access last night and the last evening in Jaipur my pay wifi ran out before I had time to do an update.	0
 My internet time ran out in Jaipur before i could update my.	0
 Yesterday we're were in Tordi Garh and the hotel had no wifi!	1
 ventilation systems and lots of secret passages to allow the royal family to escape and cause confusion should the palace be invaded.	1
 When this was happening no women were allowed in the vicinity.	0
 Also they created a ventilation system which allowed air and light in but did not allow you tossed in or out of corridors and rooms.	1
had separate apartments and rooms and we're not allowed to talk to each other unless the marharjine gave them permission.	1
When they had children they here only allowed tomstaynwithntheir mothers until they were 5years old and were then moved to a separate area of the palace to be educated.	0
We then head lunch and head back to the hotel for a few hours r and r.	0
" We are staying in a small family run hotel which is basic but clean and comfortable,"	1
 and has air conditioning in the rooms- bonus!	1
 Once settled in our rooms we had some home cooked lunch and afterwards a few hours R and R.	1
We arrived in Jodhpur just after lunch and after checking in we sat in the hotel garden and had some lunch.	1
 We had a nice meal and then went back to the hotel for guess what.	1
 came back to our hotel to join in the festivities.	1
" We went down to the hotel restaurant but the only breakfast was buffet,"	0
 Then we tried about 3 hotel restaurants down the road but all had their restaurant on the 5th floor which was too much to deal with at that point in time!	0
 So we admitted defeat and went back to our hotel and had toast and chocolate milkshake!	1
After breakfast we went back to the room and lazed around until 12.	0
 Miriam and myself went into the palace and spent a good few hours wandering around the beautifully decorated rooms and gardens.	1
 which was about 40 minute drive from our hotel in Pushkar.	1
After dinner we walked back to the hotel and hit bed early as we had sunrise hike in the morning.	1
 Myself and Krissy (who hadn't been very well) stopped just shy of the top and got comfortable on our personal rock seat.	1
After breakfast we went back to the hotel and went back to bed!	1
" Slept until 3pm when we got up and all took a taxi into town,"	1
 stopping off at various shops on the way back.	0
We had dinner in the hotel restaurant and then had another party on the rooftop!	1
 Today we had the luxury of a private air conditioned car and a departure time of 9.	1
Afterwards we went to a block printing shop and watched a demonstration of block printing prior to some retail therapy in the shop.	1
After lunch we went back to the hotel to get out of the heat for a few hours.	1
 Purchases in hand we left and headed back to the hotel in a tuktuk for dinner and group briefing with Ankur.	1
We then went to a rooftop restaurant for dinner and back to the hotel for bed as early start for sunrise at the Taj.	1
 Ashok took us to a great local and cheap eatery for lunch.	1
 From here we got to our hotel for the night and Ashok dropped us off just outside the Jaipur walls so we could see the Jantar Mantar observatory and city palace.	1
 which also has three sacred pools of water.	1
 One of the pools has been taken over by thousands of monkeys that congregate there to swim and bathe.	1
 The legend says that the three sacred pools are varying depths said to be two or three elephants high deep.	1
 The hotel was very cheap and I think had India's dirtiest bath/bathroom for sure.	1
 we had one guide (they thought we would need two) and one bike each (they wanted us to hire a rickshaw as well) we were off.	1
 we still saw a decent amount and the guide kept us entertained pointing out different birds and telling us about a book he has coming out with the national geographic.	1
 and internet for that matter!	1
" it is the part when there is a taxi tour and the young boy is 'looking after' the car,"	1
"bit of a mix up with us not being allowed to take a tripod in,"	0
"We enjoyed the taxi trip a lot,"	1
" comfortable way to see Rajasthan,"	1
" We decided to ease our way in we would pre-arrange a taxi pickup with our hostel,"	1
 which was great as we didn't have to deal with hundreds of taxi drivers all wanting our fare.	1
 although we did make a couple of pit stops - one to pick up the local chewing leaf (paan) from what seemed like his mates shop and then to swop drivers.	1
 the stairways and landings looking quite old and run down but the room being ultra modern!	1
 which the queue for was huge; there were hundreds of families all holding gifts to take into the temple.	1
 and there are cremation ghats where bodies are cremated waterside allowing ashes to be washed away by the rivers.	1
" Its best to be as ëcasualí as possible and take a seat enough away from the action so you arenít intruding but close enough you can see and take in the unique experience in a respectful way,"	0
" He took us up to a room on the 2nd floor of a derelict building over looking the Ghat,"	1
 are these bodies waiting to be burnt?	0
" Lots of lots of people hire boats to go watch and also children (with fantastic English language∑) sell you candles,"	1
 This turned into a huge scene with one of her friends jumping in to save her and she almost drowned him as well when finally a man in a fishing boat stuck his paddle out for her to hold onto and managed to drag her and her friends onto the boat!	1
As it was our first over night train journey we again eased our way in and went on AC first class.	1
"So we are staying put in our hotel,"	1
" For the past 3 or 4 years Singhji is no longer allowed to guide his tours through the Taj Mahal,"	0
" I was disappointed at the inside,"	0
"We woke up bright and early the day after my birthday and decided it wasnít worth moving rooms again - we had originally told Shiva we were moving to Jill and Richards when they left as it was slightly nice and had an aircon,"	1
We had a nice brunch at OM then headed back to the hotel to get organized for a walking tour we had arranged with Varanasi Walks.	1
 I tried to keep my balance as he pushed me until I saw a cow charging past me and into Taylor!	1
 We were told to leave our shoes in a small alleyway at a little shop and to walk a short distance to the temple.	1
 We were a little disappointed as it wasn't as good as previous ones we had eaten and we had really talked it up to Brandon who wasn't impressed with it at all!	1
 We didn't have much planned for the day so we decided to just wander the back streets and do some shopping for scarves.	1
We found our way to Ba Ba Black Sheep - a silk and pashmina scarf shop recommended for its quality.	1
 I then went back to the hotel and ate Nutella for dinner!	1
" We curled up on the newspaper and waited for our train to arriveÖ Not long before the train turned up a lone cow meandered past slowly on our platform,"	1
 we had breakfast while we waited to check in.	1
"I told them to please wait and I bolted for the toilets,"	1
"We made our way to find a taxi and met up with an Aussie couple,"	0
 Richard and Jill who just happened to be staying at the same guesthouse .	0
 We shared a taxi with them to the guesthouse.	1
The taxi dropped us off at the main road and a guy met the taxi to then show us how to get to our guesthouse.	1
 he seemed a little uneasy (given he had just given someone our room we booked) and so showed us to another room which was not what I had paid for.	1
 I was extremely rude to him about it and was told that it was the only room but we could either A) swap with Jill and Richard or B) move the next day.	1
 especially when I saw their room a little while later and it was extremely cute and just what I wanted!	1
I went downstairs to the room and started crying.	1
 I cried myself to sleep and Taylor was kind enough to tuck me in when she came to bed later on.	1
 and walked up to the rooftop to have a Chai and wait for her to rise.	1
 We spoke to Shiva about changing rooms and he showed us a room similar to Jill and Richards.	1
 We were staying at Munshi Ghat.	0
 catching up on internet and chatting.	1
 We went back to the room to chill out and eat nutella from the jar.	1
 We were a little disappointed since we were there to have dinner and socialise.	0
 as well as in CD shops playing Indian music.	1
 I can tell you that it was not a disappointment indeed!	1
 we managed to see a boa constrictor.	1
 the city that was the Mughal capital for a decent amount of time back in the day.	1
" Shah Jahan Function: Monument,"	1
 When I arrived in New Delhi I was meeting a friend and he still had not arrived yet so I waited in the baggage area for a while before deciding to go get a room at the Airport Lounge.	0
" not allowed to stay in Delhi,"	0
 nor were we allowed to leave the airport because the fog was so heavy it was unsafe to drive.	0
 it was safer to stay at the airport then try to get the driver to take us to Agra in the morning.	0
) It is more like a fort/castle thing with amazing gardens and pools and beauty everywhere.	1
" but my friend and I REALLY wanted to see it one night so we were sneaking all over this hotel trying to find different ways up to the tower,"	1
 got off topic with the hotel thing there.	1
power in ruling the empire.	1
 When it was my turn I was not brave enough to hold the snake so I got as close as I felt I could then smiled to the camera.	1
 (we stopped at a carpet shop and saw how they were made.	1
 That young girl had enough respect for me/herself/morals/karma to forget how hungry and cold she was and not take my stuff.	1
" but I think the cultural differences of the Cast system or work related issues made it very uncomfortable for him,"	1
" I wasn't really prepared for when people said that part of your heart stays in India,"	1
"Our hotel for the night was very swanky,"	1
 it really is such a contrast from the chaos outside to the serenity inside and of course the luxury and comfort inside to the poverty and sadness in the street.	1
" being made in Jaipur were coming to the hotel tonight,"	1
 only 1 hour to wait for the gates to be opened.	0
Back to the hotel for a late breakfast and then straight off to visit Agra Fort - there is going to be no rest on this holiday but we don't mind when we are seeing all these amazing sights.	1
 She was to be my next door neighbour at the new hotel I'd checked into: Hotel Sheela.	1
 who rocked up out of nowhere and asked for a room (Thanks to a Lonely Planet recommendation mind you).	1
 (Also interesting was that due to her religious beliefs she wasn't allowed to willingly make any physical contact with a man.	1
" We were lucky enough to be the first people to get to the Taj,"	0
" They told me I had to wait half an hour for the booking,"	0
 which was enough time for the driver to take me to a shop!	0
 I made it easier by announcing on arrival that I wouldn't buy anything.	0
 We were in luck - all the celebrating would culminate in a procession that would be passing right next to our Hotel as they head down to the river to submerge effigies of the Goddess Durga into it.	1
 and made it back to the hotel with everything intact.	1
 This was a strong awakening to the standard of living and amount of poverty that was waiting us for the next 10 days.	1
 our accomodation for the night.	1
 with vast silk shops and colour and spice filling every section it was amazing!	1
" the elephants allowed us to get up close to a pair of mother and calf Rhino's,"	1
" and wait until the next morning,"	1
 This left us to hang out in our surprisingly cheap but very nice hotel about 1km away from the Taj Mahalís East Gate.	1
 except these guys were a touch more persistent and literally tagged along with us from the moment we left the hotel to the second we arrived at the restaurant we decided to eat in.	0
" far from having had enough of the mighty Taj Mahal,"	1
" and the fact that we would have rickshaw drivers hassling us and shop sellers dragging us into places wasnít really anything new to us,"	0
 fairly quiet and the room was half decent albeit a little dark.	0
 the resident hotel tour operator sat us straight down and kindly showed us a few things on the map.	1
" We have been here long enough to know that this is code for ëIím gonna try sell you a tour before you step outside and get one cheaperí,"	1
 however the guy was friendly enough and we wanted to see what was on offer.	1
" he quoted us what seemed a decent price,"	1
" we had decent seats,"	1
" however it was enough to put us out of action for a good 24 hours,"	1
" It really was an interesting and informative couple of hours finding out who did what,"	1
 fake ones loved it and charge you for the honour!	0
 He used to have a shop in the market but for 10 years had not been able to face it.	0
 and allowing thoughts to come and go without them taking over ones state of being.	1
 The way he again let me be and felt comfortable to go and do that made me feel very accepted.	1
 One important reason why its a good time is that internet connections actually work pretty well before 10am after which office India goes on-line.	1
 although there are chai shops if I fancied an early stroll and chai.	1
 But I stay in my room and waste an hour answering emails and working on blogs.	1
 Now which of my favourite chai shops will I patronise this morning?	1
 I have this mythological belief that its important to my chai shop 'friends' that I maintain patronage ñ what is that?	1
I suspect this baba is quite wealthy - he is always dressed immaculately and it seems obvious he has a decent place to live.	1
 He runs a toilet-size shop selling this and that in his 'spare' time.	1
 On the way through there is a sweet shop run by Vishnu who I met in 2010.	1
 I visit Satish in his chai shop in the middle of the fruit and vegetable market which is right on the route taken by the funeral marches to the burning ghat.	1
 The steps at the left of the picture (also submerged) is where Rama Guru ran his chai shop for at least the last 33 years (when I first met him).	1
On the way back to my room it starts to rain ñ heavily ñ but its just a 10 minute shower.	1
My room is the door in the middle of the pic!	1
" Making my way back to my room after lunch,"	1
 one motor boat and manages one houseboat.	1
 Its a joyous reunification and I am quickly feeling at home as I ditch my pants and shirt and apply my gumpcha as a lungi and sit comfortably in the Ganga breeze.	1
 I am invited to stay for freshly netted fish which have drifted down from the mountains.	1
 I buy a small sweet lassi and 100 grams of dahi (curd) from Shyam's shop at Assi Ghat.	1
Only small problem is that there is a wedding the next day next to my Guest House ñ friends of Deepak and Rajana ñ so they are availing the area right outside my room to the preparation of sweetmeats for the event ñ a rather noising undertaking which keeps me awake until 12.	1
" Our hotel (Hotel Kamal,"	1
 and we could actually see it from our hotel roof.	1
 Warning: you go through metal detectors and they donít allow food or drinks other than water inside.	1
 So order a thali to split and save room for dessert!	1
 we also got a cheap cell phone.	1
" an address (a hotel address is fine),"	1
 You can ask at your hotel for a recommended cell phone dealer.	1
We had another of my favorite experiences in India while eating breakfast on the hotel roof in view of the Taj Mahal.	1
" One of the neighbors of the hotel happened to be on his roof with his daughter,"	1
" in the AC-3 compartment,"	1
" AC-3 means you have a bed to yourself,"	1
" wait for us,"	1
 All while I sit inside a modern air conditioned show room eyeing off the new bikes on display.	1
Riding into Ranchi (and its gotten dark now) I wonder about where I am going to find a decent place to stay.	0
 there is the 'Midtown Hotel' staring at me.	1
 the guy in the front shop assures me I am at the right place (its almost as if he were expecting me) and ushers me down the lane to the Reception.	1
" arrange with said young Sikh to gain free access to a large A/C deluxe room in the morning so that I can do my hatha yoga,"	1
 and they will tell you: Rule #1 when traveling to New Delhi: ìWatch out for scamsî.	1
 He kindly informed us that the Grand Bazaar had been closed off due to religious conflicts (Hindu-Muslim) that had taken place during the Ramadan festival.	1
 He told us that in order to get into the area we had to go to the Government tourist office and get a pass (which is free) that confirmed we were staying at a hotel along the Bazaar.	1
 Sure enough we arrived at an office with an official looking ìGovernment of India: Tourismî sign.	1
 They called our hotel to figure out how this situation could be solved.	1
 I was put on the phone with the ëhotel ownerí and he told me that the hotel was closed for the night because on the conflicts occurring on the Grand Bazaar.	1
 He said he would be reporting the hotel to the Government!	0
" He said the ONLY hotel available in New Delhi was just outside of town and was 5,"	0
000 rupees a night (our original hotel was 800 rupees).	1
" We talked about how lucky we were that railway employee had informed us about the Grand Bizarre closure,"	1
"The next day when we arrived in Varanasi I received an email from our original hotel owner asking us why we never showed up,"	0
 He said he was going to charge us a night rent at his hotel.	1
" that we had NOT spoken to the hotel owner (but instead the scammerís associate),"	1
 Luckily the owner of our original hotel was very kind and did not charge us for the night we missed which helped stopped the bleeding a little bit.	1
" all of that; our hour taxi drive from the Varanasi airport into the central town hit us with all of it,"	1
" as it is a big issue in India,"	0
" Sure enough there was his uncle and a couple business associates waiting for us with big smiles and samples of silk scarves,"	1
 Our room was big and clean with air conditioning!	1
 the front desk manager decided to have the head chef make me a special breakfast anyway.	1
A driver came to bring me to another hotel where I would meet up with the other people from other hotels who would join the group.	1
 At one point one of the tuk tuks (little cabs) clipped the back of our van.	1
 just got clipped by a little cab and our driver stops the car and gets out.	0
" that was another chargeÖit goes to show you there is no such things as a free lunch,"	1
 so we wouldnít have to wait for the pictures to get printed.	1
" they brought us into the back room and I for sure thought we were doneÖbut,"	1
Lunch was served at a very high end hotel in Agra.	1
my hotel first.	1
 I called Shweta to ensure my driver would pick me up as I would need to leave my hotel by 5 am to catch my flight to Bangalore.	1
 one night in a horrible hotel in India's sex trafficking capital.	0
" very out of place female managed to play the poor innocent white girl card and obtain VIP status for a ticket on what was,"	1
" Western girl in traditional clothing turning up to a Western shopping mall in an Indian city,"	1
 Top bunk in AC3 for an overnight journey with lovely company.	1
 Although in AC3 the likelihood of said men staring is decreased by about 50%.	1
thirty minutes I find myself stuck in the hot sun waiting for the faulty boom gate to open up.	1
" There are people working together to move their motorbikes and rickshaws over the railway tracks but we stay waiting,"	0
" Should have walked because after all of that waiting around I've arrived at the side of a road,"	0
 I was fortunate enough to share one of the most interesting conversations so far on my travels.	1
 Khar wasn't/hasn't been allowed back into China since.	0
 He will never be allowed back into China.	0
 I also have health issues and the fact that I have a weight problem doesn't help at all.	0
" the car is waiting for us at the Varanasi station,"	1
 We check in and I share the room with my folks on an extra bed.	1
" The hotel is lovely,"	1
 only the swimming pool is under renovation.	0
 the banks are very crowded and we stay for some time before returning to the hotel.	1
" we shop a bit outside and i pick up some clothes,"	1
 we return to the hotel and it seems to me that I'm staying in a taj hotel after decades.	1
" the taj property was an erstwhile palace now bought by the hotel after most of the maharajas converted their palaces to hotels post the abolition of the privy purse by Indira Gandhi,"	1
 we may have seen a couple of idols too and my father managed to have a cycle rickshaw run over his feet.	1
 i nurse him back to recovery in the hotel and on one of our walks we strolled into an antique store and dad bought this amazing statue of a mother and a child.	1
 so the story goes that cow herds were used to capture these houses and my grandfather had singlehandedly managed to renovate and maintain one house.	1
 The lanes narrow enough to hold one bull standing on it are also something to add to your must-watch list in Varanasi.	1
"the very last moment my mum and me walked down to a shop behind the hotel and i find such exotic stuff,"	0
 Most of the shops were still closed but a number were starting to open and the guide bought Michelle a small string of pretty tiny flowers that smelled like jasmine.	1
 We went up and down the Ganges with the guide explaining where different kings had built their homes or where celebrities like the Beatles stayed when they went through their Hari Krishna stage.	1
" Michelle waited in one of the clean stores selling aryuvedic oils,"	1
 Our morning ended at yet another shop where we helped support the local economy.	1
" The information may,"	1
 we felt brave enough to wander off the hotel grounds and explore the local environs.	1
 Traffic is another issue completely.	0
 Our experience in Indiaís luxury hotels has been wonderful.	1
 a hotel employee was anxious to show us the mango trees growing on their property.	1
"small entourage of hotel staff including the maitre de,"	1
 it was a large room built in 1919 with a large topographical map built to scale of the Indian Sub Continent made from marble.	1
" The shops sold clothing,"	0
 As we entered deeper into the winding alleyways (thank goodness we had someone who knew the way) the wares in the shops changed.	1
 The pallbearers dip the shrouded body in the Ganges and then allow it to drain for 20 minutes.	0
 just ëhang aroundî waiting for the cremation to finish.	0
Our guide rushed us to a bicycle rickshaw and led us out of Kashi to our waiting car prior to the end of the ceremony as to avoid getting caught in the large rush of people.	1
 so his marriage will wait for a few years and his extended patriarchal family all lives together in one home).	1
 our room has a direct view of the Taj Mahal.	1
 No cars are allowed in the nearby vicinity.	1
" We learned the polite American style of waiting your turn,"	1
 allowing us to view the Taj Mahal without rain pouring down.	1
Our day finished with some very expensive shopping at the government run shops for local craftsman making products specific to Agra.	1
 Then we went to an embroidery shop were we view the stunning work again made by local craftsmen.	1
" In each of the hotels we stayed there is quite a bit of security check of your bags,"	1
 So we spent sometime drying them in the hotel room.	0
 We freshened up in the room and were ready by 3:15 PM.	1
 Guide Nadeem was waiting in the lobby.	1
 They do not allow any motorized vehicle near other than electric cars operated by Govt and private vendors.	1
 We were able to stay in a covered area opposite to TM.	1
 We came back to our rooms and repacked since we were leaving agra to Jaipur the next day.	1
 I've had them twice now since I've been here and am currently waiting for a third try.	1
 our last day together before elisa heads home and I head to Delhi to wait for my own jet plane to whisk me away.	1
" Legend says even a drop from the river is enough to wash away all your past sins,"	1
We arrived and after an interesting (read terrifying-ish) ride to our fabulous hotel we were able to catch a little nap and some great food.	1
" waiting now for the monsoon season to swell her up,"	0
" Then you shop in the stress free,"	1
 set price shopping mall where you can find beautiful clothing made with both style and modesty in mind.	1
" During normal hours there are queues to go in the fly infested corner for a leak,"	0
I had a little issue with my train ticket.	0
 I had saved an open internet page on my ipod which decided to reload and close in the station so had no idea of my seat number.	1
" There are also state laws so no factories are allowed within a certain distance,"	0
easy enough to get some space to take a decent photo.	1
 Well maybe not as there are high end hotels but it was in a hotel so was maybe triple what a local place would have been.	1
" Some staff even point out that a service charge has not been included,"	0
Anyways in the afternoon I was taken firstly to a few shops as the driver was probably wanting some commission.	0
 He dropped me at a little hotel and I went inside and had a beer.	1
" I had to wait hours at the station for the train and was constantly approached by drivers saying they could drive me to Delhi instead and it would be quicker,"	0
 so got some food and just waited for my train back on the platform.	0
"I sorted out my taxi to the airport for 2am,"	1
pretty much relaxed in my room most of the day.	1
 I stayed awake all evening and night after a brief thought of a nap and waited for my taxi.	1
" You're required to wear booties over your shoes and they don't allow outside food,"	1
 Our hotel rooms have ac and breakfast included.	1
 both now living in New York ñ while I waited outside because I was hot and not in the mood to shop.	1
ìWhat does the manager have to do with me using the bathroom?	0
"doubt Iím the first tourist to do thisÖ This just canít wait and itís going to happen whether I like it or not,"	0
î I said again as he walked away to allow me as much privacy as I could have in a one-room home with a toilet with no door.	0
" but the shopping is great; Iím certain giardiasis is rampant,"	1
 watched water buffalo bathe in the Ganges - along with the locals and Sadhus - and Klaudia shopped while I ate.	1
 the stray dogs rule the streets as the cows and people sleep.	1
" They are allowed to roam the streets almost wherever they like and you have witnessed them cause traffic jams on busy streets,"	1
" some controversy: women are not allowed to attend the ceremony because,"	0
was carrying a being without sin while the latter has suffered enough already.	0
 Hotel Haifa.	1
 Beats me why an extra tuk tuk can't be hired to take some of the luggage and make the trip a little easier on everyone.	1
We settled into our rooms and later met for lunch in the restaurant.	1
 Wifi here cost 100 rupees ($2) a day and was available only in the lobby.	0
" which was just as well as the hotel seemed to have a lot of power outages which,"	1
" If we complained often enough it was switched on,"	1
 Seems the hotel isn't far from Assi Ghat (steps leading to the river) so I asked directions and found the way myself.	1
 Visitors start taking their seats while locals can be seen buying flowers and other items from shops around selling pooja-related stuff.	1
" Afterwards I walked back to the hotel via the ghats,"	1
 and we got back to the hotel without any problems.	1
 But we aren't out here to shop and they soon move on.	0
" I caught a tuk tuk outside the hotel and he dropped me at Dasaswamedh Ghat,"	1
 where he would then wait and bring me back.	1
 I was met by a young man who volunteered to show me around and explain the burning process.	1
No female family members are allowed at this ghat.	1
 it will be allowed to continue drifting with the current and will eventually disappear.	1
"I had a very hot walk along the ghats back to the hotel in the midday heat,"	0
Everyone is waiting for a bus.	0
" I'm a little mistrusting of hotel staff,"	0
" It never ceases to amaze me how they manage to manoeuvre their buses through the tightest of places,"	0
" Many a time I've held my breath as we've passed within six inches of a shop awning,"	0
" waiting to hear a crash,"	0
" followed Bishal down the street and around the corner where a mini van was waiting to take us to our accommodation,"	1
 Hotel Sheela Inn.	1
" The hotel was in a great location,"	1
" They had free wifi on the roof,"	1
"what a night's stay in this establishment is worth,"	1
"Bishal had organized with the mini van driver to take us to and from Agra Fort this afternoon,"	1
 then returned to our rooms to escape the heat.	0
 and one I've waited a long time for.	0
"the hotel via The Oberoi Villas,"	1
 a huge resort complex I had to walk past to return to my hotel.	0
" There are no air conditioned shopping malls or supermarkets here,"	0
 up the water intake and stay inside during the hottest part of the day.	0
" The driver took me to a shop (his friends),"	1
to shop there instead.	0
" It was easier not to argue and would only take a couple of minutes,"	0
 Eventually I got to the bazaars to find only a few shops had opened and the rest would follow by 11.	0
I returned to the hotel and stayed in for the remainder of the day.	1
 but I only stayed for about 20 minutes because the heat is unbearable.	1
"î and he just points me to another doorónot the one I came inÖSo I proceed through that door which leads me through a corridor of offices and finally lets me out into a room where I see all the counters to buy stamps/mail things,"	1
 I finally get back to my room and collapse on the bed.	1
 Itís about 1:30 and my train leaves that evening at 8:30 back to Delhi where I will take a Taxi to the airport to meet some Polish traveling companions who are also going to the yoga school in Dharamsala.	1
 I get myself together and exit my room to find that theyíve locked the front doors to the hotelówhich heyÖsafety first right?	1
" Most of the hotels and restaurants in Agra advertise their views of the Taj,"	1
 I felt confident enough to where I took my camera out and took a picture.	1
 Apparently they donít allow tripodsÖgreat.	1
 It would have been faster to go back to my hotel but I couldn't wake up the ìguardî again.	1
" Back to the hotel for breakfast and a quick snooze,"	1
 The gentleman across from me gives me a few of his crackersóhe informed me that he was out partying last night and is now hungry.	1
" He more or less takes me to my hotelórips me off again,"	0
 I make it to my room and collapse from the exhaustion.	1
" Head back to the room and end up falling asleep in my room till 10:00pm,"	1
 The food during our stay was the best we have eaten since we have been here.	1
 We had a great time with Becky at dinner and lunch and she gave us a great insight into working in the hospital and was a homely comfort following our Varanasi expedition!	1
One of the biggest issues facing the mental treatment of persons affected by leprosy is self-stigma.	0
 All this is whilst the patients are in the first stages of the MDT treatment as it is very important to allow the patients to regain the functional use of their hands and rid themselves of the physical stigma as early as possible.	0
" but after venturing 20m out of the hotel door,"	1
" I cannot summon quite enough vitriol and bitter resentment for the city of lights,"	1
 We were in class AC2 with the majority of people being tablet and mobile wielding Indians.	1
 He dropped us 'very near to Lalita Ghat' where our hotel was booked as tuk-tuks are not allowed down the narrow alley ways.	1
 We eventually bumped into a lovely American tourist who suggested we stay at her hostel.	1
 we instead checked into the hotel next door being Shiva Guesthouse.	1
be staying in that night.	1
 The English speaking manager was much friendlier and helpful than the female lady at reception who nearly put me off the whole place altogether.	1
 The hotel itself was in a suburb of Agra and the room was clean even if the shower was again cold.	1
 the North to South canal was full of water contrary to what my Guidebook had foretold and the leafy gardens were a refreshing break from the 45 degree sun.	1
 We headed back tired but very happy with all we had managed to see and do.	1
 I've been here a week and the last couple of days I've taken to staying in my air conditioned hotel room between roughly 11 am and 6 pm while catching up on the New England Patriots productive off season and the Celtics futility against the eminently beatable New York Knicks for which I was not about to wake up at 4:00 am local time to watch live on the internet.	1
 The rooftop pool is small comfort from the heat.	1
 Ook als mensen geen kaartje hebben weten te bemachtigen en nog op de zogenaamde ìwaiting listî staan.	1
 Zelfs de pre-paid rickshaws waren niet te vertrouwen volgens de man van de pre-paid taxi standplaats.	1
" erg efficiÎnt ;-) Het slapen in de tempel was een bijzondere ervaring,"	1
Vanwege onze ervaring met de vorige lange treinrit naar Varanasi en de hoge temperaturen besloten we onszelf een upgrade te geven in de treinklasse en voor ì2ACî te gaan met airco.	1
 Hindus believe that dying in Varanasi and being burned on the banks of the sacred river will allow your soul to exit the constant cycle of reincarnation.	1
 The gathering was being held in February and March because it was the only time when the river bed would be dry allowing enough space for the millions of visitors.	0
 newspaper and some matches and the fire was going well enough to put the tea kettle on the fire.	1
 I waited for a while for the American to return with firewood and explained what had happened.	0
 shared it around and he invited us to stay for food.	1
 Afterwards we returned to Rainbow Camp disappointed but with a good story.	1
I stayed on the dusty riverbed for 22 days and left just as a huge storm blew up and caused massive havoc which I was told destroyed the Rainbow Camp.	1
 Hopefully by that time I can speak enough Hindi to be able to communicate with all of the babas and all of the locals.	1
" and we were in no way prepared for the walk from our taxi tuk tuk drop-off point,"	1
 take us to our hotel doors because the streets to the hotel were too narrow for tuk-tuks to go through.	1
"The next day we had the pleasure of being guided in a small group of four by our very excellent hotel tour guide and host,"	1
 allowed us insights into this city that we would never have gotten on our own.	0
 and I was a little disappointed we did not have the time to stop at this elegant shop filled with an array of beautiful long black dresses designed for Muslim women.	1
 This one is being converted to a luxury hotel.	1
to have Mannu arrange for us another personalized shopping experience with a fourth generation silk merchant and world-scale wholesaler.	1
" It was reminiscent of our delightful shopping experience in Kashmir,"	1
" I became very ill at some point during our four day stay in Varanasi,"	1
 as well as food and beverages suggested by the caring hotel staff.	1
" When we left the hotel to catch our train later that evening,"	1
" our hotel had arranged porters for us right to the train platform,"	1
" the worst had come and passed waiting at the train station in Varanasi,"	0
" so I managed to sleep through the overnight train,"	1
" the two hour taxi ride to the Nepali border,"	0
" and the five hour taxi ride to our destination in Pokhara,"	1
"The prepaid taxi fare from the airport is Rs 300 & the driver is on a mission to get us to the Lucknow Homestay (LH) in double quick time,"	1
 The rooms are basic but homely and comfortable (despite one of the temporary beds collapsing the first night!	1
 We take a cycle rickshaw to Hazaratganjñ the main shopping and eating area.	1
"place where the guy trys to charge Rs 120,"	0
 Next was Melissa (also intense) an American woman from Oregon who had spent 6 weeks with an NGO reviewing the issue of domestic violence in Lucknow.	0
 We are not sure from what she said that she added any value to the information that was already available.	1
 One got more information from the Guests about how things worked than her.	1
 We enjoyed our stay here ñ but it will not be everyoneís cup of tea.	1
 M negotiates a large auto rickshaw to Orchha (Rs 200 rather than the Rs 600 the hotel had offered for a pick up).	0
The roads are pretty good and we get to the Fort View Hotel at 8-00pm.	1
"The room is pretty basic ñ although with a TV which is a surprise,"	1
 Many places are closing and the LP recommendation is empty and charges way over the odds for beer.	1
 This is not to suggest that there arenít the needy and one can see quite a few examples of them ñ but oddly enough they are not aggressive at all.	1
 so rather than kill time in the heat; we keep the room for the day (at a cost).	1
 retreat to the room to catch up with some admin.	1
We get to the Namaskar Hotel in Karol Bagh where we stayed when we first arrived in India.	1
" a new beer & wine shop nearby,"	1
 We manage to get a rickshaw at slightly a higher rate (but worth it) at 5.	1
son of the Colonel who owns the guesthouse where we are staying ñ Shahar Palace.	1
 The festival is in the grounds of Rambagh Palace and as we sit there waiting for the start Rosie gets a call to say the Elephant Festival has been cancelled following a petition!	0
" we head to the beer shop for a couple of beers,"	1
 Fateh then goes off to a Heritage Hotel where his friend has laid on a bash Rs 3000 per head ñ only Ekta goes with him.	1
We skype with Sarah about her flat issues (Services Charges issue) and she takes a picture of us all coloured up and puts it on Facebook.	1
" Arun at Hotel Namaskar arranges a cab for Rs400 and we get to the airport T3 at 10 am,"	1
For Spring break I was going to stay in Sikkim with Nicole.	1
" ate breakfast on our hotel's rooftop (where we caught our last glimpse of the Taj),"	1
" we waited in a dilapidated old bus for almost an hour before it finally departed for the ancient city of Fatehpur Sikri,"	1
" We arrived around 1:30 and ate lunch at a guesthouse that was kind enough to allow us to store our packs there while we toured the ruins,"	1
" as our guidebook warned us,"	0
"their makeshift """"shops"""" as well as beggar children who followed us around asking for money,"	0
" Luckily there were seats available and enough room for our bags,"	1
 stretching and shaking himself to stay awake.	0
" We informed the ticket officer of our concerns,"	0
 which at least woke him up enough to get us to Jaipur safely a little after 10:00 p.	1
A man from our hotel arrived shortly after to pick us up.	1
" but immediately began trying to get us to hire him for a day of sightseeing,"	0
" the Hotel Moon Light Palace,"	1
" spacious room - what with the hotel staff's attentiveness and friendly demeanor and,"	1
 this was definitely one of the best hotels we've stayed in.	1
 They even had room service!	1
 we immediately dropped our packs in the room and headed up to the rooftop for a very late dinner.	1
" but after that we stuck with room service,"	1
 but instead visited the city's government craft emporium to get a feel for souvenir prices before going to the bazaar to shop a bit.	1
I can't wait until I have the money to buy him lots of presents!	0
"After our shopping excursion,"	1
 we were exhausted and decided to head back to our hotel for dinner.	1
 veered to the side to allow it room to pass us.	1
"our hotel for a ride,"	1
" an internet cafe to look up directions,"	1
 we got to talking with the hotel's night manager and an English guy staying at the hotel.	0
" The manager was amazed by Scott's beard and was eager to show us pictures of his house and family,"	1
 Scott ended up having to go to the train station to buy us taktal tickets while I stayed behind and blogged.	0
 and which still function today.	0
 and was very cheap for a change.	1
 was kind enough to help us get a good deal on a rickshaw to our lunch destination.	1
 we stayed at the hotel all day because we didn't feel like venturing out into the dust and wanted to take it easy.	1
" the owner of our hotel drove us to the train station free of charge,"	1
" who we were informed were from remote villages all over India and were only in town to take exams and,"	0
" As soon as we set our packs down to wait for our train,"	0
 dirty old bar in Delhi to inform you that the place you are about to travel to ìtakes no prisonersî is always concerning.	1
 and finding comfort in the fact that upon death they will be returned to her.	1
 He surprised us one evening by informing us that he might even look into English Teaching in Korea after he leaves India.	0
" Much like Thailand or Cambodia these shops are all about the tourists and getting a sale,"	0
" Silk shops are littered throughout the city,"	1
Our arrival in Agra at midday the previous day allowed us time to visit the 16th century Mughal marble tomb of Itimad-ud-Daulah.	1
 An Indian lady introduced herself to us while we waited for the show.	1
 efficient and also spotless.	1
 mopping perspiration from my brow - and managed to sit on my glasses!	0
 Spec shops galore!	0
 he wandered to the back of the shop and returned from behind the curtain five minutes later with my glasses as good as new.	1
 The charge for repair?	0
 We waited but were not allowed in until 6.	0
 Some people got in the wrong but shorter queue which was annoying however eventually we got through the security and had our first glimpse of the front of the Taj through an archway.	1
 We bade a reluctant farewell and made our way back to the hotel had a yummy Indian breakfast and packed and left.	1
" still the hotel was good,"	1
 the pool warm and the restaurant we visited in the evening excellent.	1
 We organized with our hotel to drop us off at the south train stations.	1
 but we preferred the security of knowing a taxi will be there early than having to look for one.	1
When we got to Agra around noon we were surrounded by tuktuk and taxis our way through them to the prepaid booth.	1
 As we had paid for the taxi an older local man went with us and offered for 600Ruppees to be our guide to see sights for the day.	1
 which was a 5 min walk from the Taj Mahal and the hotel rooftop restaurant and incidentally our room had views of the Taj.	1
 It was a kind of modern hotel and out room was the only one on the top and it had a rounded bed.	1
 Inside was four tomb-like rooms on the corners and four larger entrances or hallways connecting them.	1
 found Munu and asked him to take us first to the hotel as I wasn¥t feeling so good and had very bad stomach cramps.	0
 I quickly went to our room and headed straight to the bathroom and everything from snacks to the previous night dinner and chai came out both ways (sorry for the details).	1
" I took a quick shower and took some traveler¥s diarrea and vomiting medicine and we headed out to a 'cheap local' restaurant for lunch,"	1
 that was neither cheap nor local and it certainly was not good food and it was mainly for tourists.	0
The next commissioned shop was in a jewelry store but neither of us was interested and even though the stones and jewels were beautiful we just weren¥r interested enough and not completely sure they were authentic.	1
 We waited our turn to take different shots including one of me jumping of excitement o see the Taj.	1
 was there waiting for us.	1
" He immediately teamed up with our driver to pester us about hiring a rickshaw for a day,"	1
" We were then informed that the homestay had overbooked and that weíd have to stay in a filthy,"	0
" cleaner rooms available with fewer mosquitoes,"	1
been holding out on us) replied that there was in fact an upstairs room we could look at.	1
 the clerk maintained an unpleasant demeanor and the driver continued to linger in the lobby asking us every 5 minutes if weíd decided whether or not to hire him for half a day for 500 rupees ñ heíd chosen to ignore our frequent requests for time to think about it or discuss it later.	1
 we made the executive decision to move to a well-reviewed hotel with a rooftop view of the Taj Mahal in the tourist district.	1
 showed up and was extremely apologetic for both our treatment and the condition of the room weíd been assigned.	1
" tiny little place recommended in our guidebook called Joneyís Place,"	1
 we booked another night inAgrato ensure us enough time to see everything and to allow Scott some time to recover.	1
" We still managed to get inside in time to get lots of good pictures,"	1
 Scott and I stopped at a local sweet shop and bought some ofAgraís famous petha candy made from crystallized pumpkin.	1
 but it didnít quite measure up to the Taj Mahal ñ and we became quickly annoyed with guides who wouldnít take no for an answer when trying to get us to hire them as well as strangers who incessantly attempted to ìdiscreetlyî photograph us as we passed them.	1
" high decibel mass chaos) and was literally surrounded on all sides by shops and stalls ñ so much so that we had to make an entire loop around it,"	1
 so our stay was brief.	1
" J The only oddities about the restaurant were that we were seated upstairs in a grimy room away from all the local patrons,"	1
We spent the remainder of our day hanging out in the hotel room since we were exhausted and Scott wasnít feeling very well.	1
 we ate dinner at the hotel and enjoyed the nighttime silhouette of the building before returning to our room to pack.	1
" stay for a few hours,"	1
 and a tuk tuk taxi with only ten people in it - there are usually at least a dozen!	1
Photography isn't allowed inside the temple complex.	0
 after shopping at Costco's warehouse in rural Hertfordshire.	1
" solid-brick room rather like a dark,"	0
 'need taxi sir?	1
 enjoy the highlight of your visit by joining the queue at the Taj Mahal to see the sun rise over this fabulous monument.	1
"Return to your hotel for a late breakfast,"	1
are more than enough websites and guidebooks extolling the virtues of Agra and its unique and remarkable monuments.	1
" You didnít come here to spend your time in a hotel room,"	0
" if you're a luxury freak,"	1
" by all means take a room at the Oberoi Amarvilas; including taxes but no breakfast,"	1
preferred to stay at N.	1
 where a double room (albeit minus the luxury but including breakfast) cost only Rs.	1
" it's a 'homestay' ('bed and breakfast'? and rooms have minimal furnishings,"	1
" Breakfast in a slightly gloomy dining room is nothing to write home about,"	1
" in a quiet road within easy reach of the main sights by taxi or tuk tuk,"	1
 the Emperor's capital without a future was beautifully built in the right place to govern an empire - but there wasn't enough water to sustain the Emperor or his thousands of subjects!	1
" one of very few places where you might be lucky enough to see the rare Ganges River Dolphin and the endangered Red Crowned Roof Turtle,"	1
"In the grounds of our hotel and among their adjoining farmland,"	1
 we encountered a pair of mongoose moving fast through the undergrowth just outside the hotel entrance.	0
A downside to staying for a few days amid this truly wondrous area is the lack of good accommodation.	0
" Perhaps you could stay in Agra,"	1
" and visit it on a day trip or try to find a way to book a room at one of the government Forest Rest Houses or Public Works Department Inspection Bungalows at Bah,"	1
 lodge-style hotel close to all the action.	1
 seemed lacking in good hotel management skills.	0
 an extract from which reads: (quote) ëGreat for birdsí is all that I wrote in the hotel's guest book.	1
" Apart from the fact that our taxi to the airport in Hamburg was late and we were a bit stressed out when we got there,"	0
We had arranged a pickup with our hotel and found our driver right away when we got out of the airport.	1
" The hotel was supposed to be close to the airport,"	1
 we were taken to another hotel closer to the city centre.	1
"As we had booked a hotel in Agra and then a tour from Agra onwards,"	1
" we tried to buy train tickets to Agra through the hotel personnel,"	1
" He tried to convince us of hiring him for the rest of the day or even the next day,"	0
" Our hotel is within walking distance from the east gate to the Taj Mahal,"	1
"We had another late lunch on the rooftop terrace of our hotel and decided to spend the rest of the day just relaxing,"	1
 probably attracted by his shorts of the same colour and stayed swimming around Davy for maybe 2 hours.	1
" Getting a taxi from Varkala to Trivandrum airport,"	1
 waiting another few hours and getting a bus to Sult Mahadev.	0
 he drove as back to the train station on a main motorway and it was so polluted and we could hardly breath and got stuck in the evening traffic jam and just couldn't wait to leave Delhi.	1
 Indu's cousin Shyamu was waiting for us and took us to his home and kindly let us stay there to have a rest and we met his amazing sons.	1
 we finally saw Indu waiting for us and that's when the absolutely best part of our stay in India started.	1
 We stayed with Indu's parents for 3 days and they are lovely people and it was very touching to see how they live.	1
and cook everything so we got this broth with hen pieces which were like bones and organs and the good thing was the kitchen didn't have much light so we couldn't really see what we were eating ? The best part was yet to come.	1
camera and playing with Davy's iphone and Indu's parents have the cuttest puppy ever and we just wished we could stay for much longer.	1
"Nothing can stay perfect and the next day,"	1
" Waiting for a local train,"	0
an absolute nightmare to be waiting hours for a train.	0
 it took to get from the north back to Delhi and as Indu agreed to join us for an Agra trip the following day we decided to stay in a hotel close to train station.	1
" took a few quick pictures and got into our taxi and instead to other sightseeing places,"	1
 we asked our driver and our guide to take us to a shop so we could buy something new and clean and mainly dry!	1
" so they were driving us around into touristy shops so they could get their commission,"	1
" like leather shop with belts,"	1
" the highest bill of our Indian stay and a """"nice"""" souvenir in a form of a dodgy tummy for me."	1
"Then we had to wait for a train from Agra to Mathura,"	0
" It meant lots of waiting at the train stations,"	0
 So we arrived in Delhi but only stayed a few hours as we were heading for Ramnagar up north in the mountains to meet our indian friend Indu who we know from back home.	1
 we shook hands and introduced each other and he brought us back to his house where we waited for the bus.	1
 our first in a temple and after that it was almost a 3 hour trek up to meet the rest of the family high in the mountain and to where we would stay for the next 4 or 5 days.	1
 like all our stuff was filthy so we got the taxi driver to take us to a clothes shop asap.	1
" Shanti lodge za 400rup,"	1
 Wifi tu ma by zdarma ale akurat dnes maju poruchu.	1
We ended the day with a super buffet in the hotel where we could try lots of different dishes- yummy- although we did wonder if we were going to get this deal as no-one seemed to know about what exactly we had booked- good old internet!	1
 We will be staying in Varanasi for next few days so we should have some time to fill you in with all the details and upload some photos.	1
 We found our pick-up straight away with a minimum of hassle which took us straight to the right hotel and we were checked into a clean enough room in minutes.	1
" grotty lane in the middle of nowhere where our hotel was located,"	1
 On their first morning we were all woken with a start by dozens of angry Hindi voices in the hotel corridors.	1
" The hotel manager knocked on our room and asked me to step into the corridor,"	1
 Once they were satisfied I wasn't the person they were looking for they continued onto the next room in search of somebody.	1
" Built of impeccably maintained semi-translucent white marble,"	1
 We organized with our hotel to drop us off.	1
 It was a 5 min walk from the Taj Mahal and the hotel rooftop restaurant and incidentally our room had views of the Taj.	1
 Inside was four tomb-like rooms on the corners and four larger entrances or hallways connecting them.	1
restaurant that was neither cheap nor local and it certainly was not good food.	0
The next commissioned shop was in a jewelry store but neither of us was interested and in any case it's hard to tell the authentic stones and metals from cheaper fakes.	1
 We waited our turn to take our shots and then walked closer taking shots from different angles as we got nearer.	1
 No pictures were allowed and guards were frequently removing cameras and their owners rather forcibly.	1
 We got back to our hotel and quickly fell asleep after the long day.	1
 After an aggressive negotioation with the entry guard and a 'guide' (Aneirin had to get his phone out to 'call the police' to get them to bug off) we managed to bribe our way up the public minaret which afforded us spectacular views of the city's vast canopy around us.	0
" The junction from which the most noise eminated was in the process of playing out a traffic-planner's nightmare as the scarcely-followed rules of the world were totally abandonned in the pileup of tuktuks,"	1
 Current prize goes to the production-line that made us our best chai to date (the owner and local customers were very happly that we elected to join them in the tiny shop to drink).	1
" bought some Biriyani from the kiosk outside and hopped onto our 3AC sleeper carriage,"	1
" They told us they were staying in a Japenese-owned hostel looking over a ghat and said we were welcome to join them; we took them up on their offer and are paying a low 150R for a river-front shared room with out new friends,"	1
 during which we very nearly came to a sticky end at the expense of a charging cow.	0
 made hot water for shower using the water heater I brought.	1
My train was at 1 so I waited for a bit before heading into the nearby station.	1
 hotels or other tourist things.	1
 reserved our respective train tickets and went back to hotel to pack and shower.	1
 They took me up to an empty room over top and then wouldn't let me leave before I paid them off.	0
 Rooms were huge with ancient furniture.	1
 Gone are the days of rocking up to a place unannounced and haggling a good price for a room that you've seen.	1
" We got incredibly disorientated after our 24hour door to door journey but were lucky enough to be led through the narrow alleys,"	1
 to our hotel on the bank of the Ganges in the old town.	1
 It is among the holiest of places that allows devotees to access the divine and cleanse themselves by washing in the water.	1
men dressed up to the nines we managed to have a day visiting the temples.	1
" Officials in charge of the festival say eight million people took to the waters on Monday,"	0
 Our favourite bits were walking down out-of-the-way bazaars with shop keepers laying out sari after sari in front of rows of women and street vendors deep frying puffy chapatis.	1
" to see the Baby Taj and then to a swanky hotel to pretend we were living the highlife,"	1
Our 6am start this morning got us to the Taj Mahal in time for the sunrise and we stayed for a good 3 hours.	1
 Charlie managed to smuggle in the copy of Farmers Weekly to remind us of our roots!	0
So the long wait is over and S & L arrive at Delhi International Airport on their Etihad flight via Abu Dhabi on time at 3.	1
 which means we have had to get up very early to meet them here with a cab from the Hotel Maan K where we are staying in Karol Bagh.	1
 Nothing without ñ although they will try it on for those who donít know and the charge seems to apply only to foreign visitors not the locals.	0
" it was worth the short wait ñ the place has had a refit of sorts but looks still pretty retro,"	1
 The sad fact is that poor management of local tourists have caused the demise of what was once a beautiful sight ñ even with all the ìsecurityî around Indian visitors were trampling all over the site venturing into forbidden areas.	1
"After the disappointing start and a fruitless traipse around Chandi Chowk looking for a recommended place to eat,"	0
The girls want to get some shopping so we venture into Palika bazar ñ an underground AC market in the centre of Rajiv Chowk that sells anything you can think of.	1
 Itís huge and like a maze so we soon run out of steam but at least they managed to get some bargain trousers.	1
Exhausted we head back to the hotel and try the local branch of Karims in Karol Bagh rather than heading back to Chandi Chowk again.	0
 clean and have good shops and facilities ñ part of the new modern India.	1
 And always check the published price next to the ticket window to make sure you are not overcharged ñ another scam they try by flagging up a higher fare then charge the real fare and pocket the difference.	1
 the down side is the local folkís inability to wait to board when a train stops.	0
Toilets can be found at every Metro station and most tourist sites managed by ìThe Sulabh Toilet Complexî who charge only Rs 2 and they look after the looís pretty well.	1
 the threat of terrorism etc) but is possibly comforting to visitors.	0
 We notice queues of bodies with their families ñ the more wealthy the family the more ornate the floral decorations on the body (which are then very unceremoniously dumped in the river when the body is put on the funeral pyre and become fodder for the cows!	1
(Travellers tip: Beware the guys who claim to be from the local Hospice and try and get friendly with local information or offer to take you to a close spot where you can take pictures or get a better view ñ all they are after is your money.	1
For C & M Varanasi seems much calmer and nicer and we are sure this is because of our location ñ last time we stayed at the University which was a long haul away.	1
Then itís back to catch a cab to the train station for the overnight train to Agra ñ the first overnight train experience for S&L.	1
30am (a bit later than expected) with the driver from the Hotel waiting for us.	0
 Itís 10kms from the Cantonment station to the hotel which is only 350 mtrs from the East Gate of the Taj complex.	0
Surprisingly we are upgraded to The Suite for our stay (a bit of a scam we feel as there is an extra charge to check in before 12 noon but as Louise isnít feeling too good we go for it.	1
rooms ñ as its two interconnected rooms - have great views of the Taj.	0
The roof top view is awesome and given that we are literally next to the Oberoi hotel which probably costs 100 times more per day we have picked a good one here.	1
As we are here for only 2 days and the Taj is off limits to visitors on Friday we go off to see Fathepur Sikri (FS) about 50 kms away ñ driver & car arranged from the hotel (Rs1100 ñ a good deal for 4 people).	1
"We dine at the hotel ñ which is ok Non Veg food,"	1
 after a few Kingfishers from the local beer shop (Rs 120 a go ñ we believe we are being overcharged but donít have much option ñ or its pay Rs180 at the Hotel).	1
 The queues late pm are very long.	0
" the queen and rooms for the servants,"	1
We manage eventually to get a reasonable Tuk Tuk guy to take us back to the East Gate for a reasonable ñ if inflated Rs 80 but a far cry from the Rs 200 to 400 we were being asked for!	1
Alice and Hanna had displayed interest to the wife of our home stay about Henna and having their hands decorated.	1
 The lady charged about one pound fifty for the head massage which was a new experience for me Ö.	0
We rose at 7am today and had breakfast in the home-stay dining room.	1
 The structure was amazing; with a huge hole in the ground being lines with steps to allow the locals to get down to the water table level without the use of ropes and buckets.	1
 The well also functioned as a meeting place and a forum for the people to meet the local leader.	0
We climbed back into the car and continued our journey; arriving at the ëresortí hotel.	1
 After a slight delay we were shown to our rooms and had an early night.	1
 These belonged to different kings and queens that ruled this area and were used as bathing places for them.	0
 or take taxi - too expensive.	0
 such a place in Europe would be thoroughly preserved and maintained as a major tourist attraction.	1
 so we just walked back to our room and called it a day.	1
 Hier hebben we nog even mogen douchen in het hotel en vanuit daar hebben we een riksjaw gepakt om naar de bus te gaan die ons naar Jodhpur zou brengen.	1
 Hier hebben we een riksjaw genomen naar een hotel en zijn toen lekker naar bed gegaan.	1
" Eenmaal aangekomen in Jaipur hebben we een rikshaw naar het """"nr1 hotel"""" van de Lonely planet genomen,"	1
 Daarna zijn we terug gereden naar het hotel en hebben we een massagesalon gebeld om ons op te pikken en eens lekker te verwennen!	0
 Na helemaal relaxt terug te zijn gekomen hebben we bij het hotel de bus naar Agra geboekt en zijn we daarna lekker gaan slapen.	0
 In Agra ligt de Taj Mahal en in de lonely planet lazen we dat er een paar hotels waren die vanaf hun dakterras hierop uitkeken.	1
 Na 2 volle hotels te hebben bezocht hadden we er eentje gevonden en het was super!	0
 Je kon gewoon een van de wereldwonders zien vanuit je hotel terwijl je geniet van een hapje en een drankje!	0
" We are staying at the same hotel in Delhi on Friday night,"	0
 and the two wheel taxi's that I have forgotten the name.	0
 and then waiting for the guide to show up.	0
"waiting for their Indian guide,"	0
" We made a short stop at the usual """"artisan"""" shop for the hard sell of local merchandise,"	0
 was defending a pig on the charge of deserting its sty.	1
We spent that night in a rather aweful hotel in New Jalpaiguri.	0
 we didn't get close enough for me to actually see burning bodies.	1
 We hobbled up the stairs together and luckily managed to wend our way the same way our group had gone.	1
"Our rickshaw drivers were waiting for us in a little """"parking lot""""."	1
" ze nas odveze do """"very cheap and beautiful hotel""""."	1
Weíve enjoyed our short stay in India.	1
 It was extremely comfortable and the owners gracious.	1
 This is because this highway is a toll road and a twice as costly as the old road.	0
 we allowed a travel agency to arrange the trip as we were in Bhutan and had spotty internet.	1
 We didnít have enough time to mess with this ourselves.	0
 the Jantar Mantar Observatory was pretty cool as it contained instruments designed and built in the 18th century to determine the local time (a sun dial) and other designs allowed the telling of the sign of the zodiac (quite important in the Hindu religion) and the position of the North Star.	1
 Crowded shops selling everything imaginable and garbage everywhere.	1
 The temple also feeds anyone who shows up and has plenty of volunteers to make this happen.	1
 The pool on the site was considered holy and could cure diseases of the skin as well.	1
" Rather than the queues we'd had in other countries,"	0
" On the rare occasion one of us managed to nod off,"	0
 but he was easily cleaned up when we got to our room and then we had a few hours sleep before going out to explore the city in the daylight.	1
" There's an abundance of street food which can mean a meal for both of us for under a pound or there are loads of cheap restaurants serving thalis,"	1
 we managed to book a train from Varanasi and travelled by overnight sleeper to Agra.	1
" we checked into a cheap room which had roof top views of the Taj Mahal,"	1
discover that neither sheep or toys are permitted into the Taj Mahal and that Chris would have to put him in a locker and then queue to get in again.	1
" but fortunately he managed to contain his outrage and kept quiet whilst Chris,"	0
" managed to persuade security that we would keep Bob under control,"	1
 The city was built in the 16th Century but abandoned soon after completion when the ruling emperors moved to Agra.	0
 Slightly more irkesome are the touts who try to get you into various shops where they will then get commission.	1
" Chris managed to pick up one particularly annoying individual on our last day in Varanasi who followed him just about everywhere trying to get commission each place he went,"	1
new and creative ways of managing it and Emma has only lost her temper once or twice.	1
" The difficulty is trying to identify the genuinely friendly,"	1
"Allow at least 4 hours to book a train ticket (time required to do a circuit of every desk in the station,"	1
"Traveller food 'rules' broken - 12 including drinking drinks with ice,"	0
 so I was disappointed to say the least.	0
"dropping out: without Rinpoche it wasnít worth it; it would be more beneficial to stay in Bodhgaya and do more prostrations; the timeframe was too short,"	1
î my status as a newcomer marks me as different enough that my ego is subtly fed.	1
 Stopping to eat was an operation that we never managed to accomplish in less than an hour and a half.	1
" while I would have liked for this to be a more informative piece of writing,"	1
" but we had a long day in Delhi and I wasn't realy up to going back to the basement internet cafe near the hotel there,"	0
 and didn't realize there was a free business center in the hotel in Varanasi.	1
"Saturday we moved out of the hotel and into the first of many hostels,"	1
" He understood that the Buddha must truly be extraordinary to inspire such faithfulness and refused to allow Sudatta to lay a single golden coin more,"	1
" the only places to stay in Sravasti are the various temples established by foreign Buddhist countries ñ Myanmar,"	0
 I stayed at the Korean Temple along with a group of elderly Koreans.	1
 The club was in the bottom of a dead hotel and we weren't expecting much.	0
What happens when a group of westerners get wifi in a cafe.	1
" so the ride wasn't comfortable and I was sleeping with one eye open,"	0
" The hotel was in the best spot possible,"	1
 about 7 shops inside it with limited stock.	0
" I managed to get a photo of both the sun and Taj in the same shot after running down the river bed a few hundred meters,"	1
 It was semi-comfortable as I had to keep my big bag on my lap and there was little legroom.	1
 The clerk at the cloak room didnít seem excited by his job but he gave me a little piece of paper Iíd better not lose.	1
 waiting for lunch time.	0
I managed to get to the Residency before 5PM.	1
 Shops were still open and people of all ages were window-shopping on the sidewalks (real sidewalks!	1
" walking past luxury hotels and neon cinemas (Heroine,"	1
 Iím planning on staying in the area before I go to the train station.	0
 Enough to keep me entertained before my night train back to Delhi!	1
 I was hoping to just find a hotel after a while and get a roon there.	1
" The first hotel didnít accept foreigners,"	0
 It got a bit confusing when I had to explain to him that one hotel he brought me to was already full (It was the second one I tried earlier).	1
" The first hotel was full,"	0
"The Ram Hotel is big: large hallways,"	1
 Itís moderately clean but the openings in the wall for the fan and under the door have allowed a few critters to get in.	1
 At one point a cockroach jumped onto the leg of the clerk who took me to the room and he just brushed it off.	0
) and a curious gecko have been spotted in the room since then.	0
 I wiped my feet while some guy kept staring at me from outside the shop I was sitting in.	1
) to justify my staying in the shop and left.	0
" a truck load of soldiers walked into the hotel for some reason,"	0
 There was an argument between a sadhu and the guy in charge of keeping the monkeys away (he was doing a bad job by the way).	1
 The repugnant smell alone was enough to keep me away from exploring further.	1
 I walked back to the hotel and waited for the internet cafÈ to open.	0
Iím planning on watching the India cricket game in the lobby of the hotel tonight (there is no TV in my room unfortunately).	1
 A nice shower and a paratha-with-curd breakfast gave me the strengths to hang out in my room to pack my bags for the next leg of my journey.	1
 I was going to watch a bit of TV under the fan until the right time but the Alka Hotel staff knew my weakness: they unplugged the satellite TV.	1
 I had to leave the room for the cleaners.	1
 He said however that he wanted one more passenger because thatís a cheap price for the ride.	1
 People were casually staring at me while idle rickshaws were waiting by the side of the road.	0
" probably in charge of chasing away monkeys,"	0
 I waited for my train with a book.	1
 He crossed the bridge with me when the train was announced to arrive on the next platform and stayed close.	0
 So a bunch of us gathered at the hotel reception to board a boat that would leave at 6:00AM: there were two girls from Utah and a family visiting from Delhi.	1
 We boarded at the ghat beneath our hotel walking past people doing their morning bathing rituals.	0
" probably sinking her feet into inches of goo and mud and when she built enough strength,"	1
 that rule was well-respected.	1
 The manager promised to give me a better room with a private bathroom for my second night.	1
" When the staff came into my room to get me (I was reading under the ceiling fan),"	1
 I thought it was time to move to the next room and I could move on with my day.	1
 I was in hotel limbo.	1
" ìin 30 minutesîÖ I was left wandering around the hotel courtyard,"	1
 A woman and a baby were behind me just waiting for a few seconds of my attention.	1
 I hadnít been in a very good mood because of the room situation and I needed some good karma so I caved.	0
I still had time to write my postcards and talk to a guy checking into the hotel (ìHow is it like here?	1
 I chose to go to the roof top of the best hotel on the ghats and had some chick pea balls in a curry and coriander sauce.	1
Daily nugget: As I walked back to the hotel a kid walked with me asking if I wanted to see the burning ghats.	1
"Waking up this morning in the comfy bed of the Valentines Hotel in Allahabad,"	1
 I had slept like a baby after power cuts had threatened my cricket and room service evening.	1
 I managed to find my seat and put myself in a cozy position with my feet dangling over the other passengersí heads as they walked by.	1
 temples and restaurants until we had the hotel in sight.	0
At the hotel: bad surprise.	0
 My room wasnít ready.	0
 The Gangesí level has risen with the rains and the room was flooded.	1
" I was assigned a cheaper room with a shared bathroom,"	1
 and decided to leave my bags in my room and just explore a bit around the hotel.	1
 Varanasi is predictably a very touristy place and my hotel is 90% full of foreigners (lots of Chinese people).	1
 People from all over have gathered around a bunch of priests waiting for 7PM to start the festivities.	1
"I plan on spending the evening at the hotel: shower,"	1
î and then the loudest firecracker exploded near a pool of mud leaving more smoke in the air than the incense from the aarti.	0
 I woke up to the face of Nicolas Cage (I hadnít turned the TV offÖ) and left the hotel after a pretty good night.	1
 I got my ticket and rushed to find a comfortable seat for the next hour.	1
" I sat on a bench waiting for my next train,"	1
 I upgraded my usual hotel choice and took a nice shower in a clean bathroom.	1
 I even ordered room service for dinner to watch some cricket (that Chris Gayleís pretty good).	1
"Jai and Mr Chowdry were nice enough to negotiate a tempo for the three of us so that we could go to Anand Bhavan,"	1
" while waiting for the place to open (they have lunch hoursÖ),"	0
" The rooms of the building were left as they were with the original furniture Nehru had tea on and Ghandi slept on,"	1
 enough for an hour walk.	1
 enough to have a gun almost pointed at me.	0
" I stopped at a shopping center for some cash,"	1
 Cows stayed put and buses kept honking.	1
The day has come to an end in Allahabad as I am about to order some food again to watch cricket in my comfy air conditioned room (Australia vs India!	1
 No picture is allowed of course for privacy of the family and respect.	1
 for some reason all the lights in my room cannot be turned off simultaneously and a power outage at 3:30 caused the noisy fan to stop turning.	1
 Enough to wake me up.	1
Back to the hotel for a (kind of) healthy breakfast of garlic omelette and lime soda.	1
" Negotiation time: I managed to bring down the rickshaw trip to 250 rupees but the driver said """"275,"	1
 You can have the area pretty much for yourself if you go early enough but you can still have some awkward encounters.	0
Options for luch were limited around the Idgah bus stand so I settled for a hotel restaurant.	1
 I could use a tiny bit of comfort and air conditioning.	0
 My paleness seemed to have illuminated the lobby of the hotel as the dozen people who were there just turned toward me and froze.	1
 a grasshopper the size of a Bic lighter just flew into the internet cafe and landed on my leg!	1
"Fatehpur Sikri is a must-see but avoid seeing it if you're not comfortable with touts,"	1
 Back to the bus station where I managed to slalom around misinformation from ill-intentioned taxi drivers/restaurateurs/souvenir shop workers/overall crooks to find the right bus leaving at the right time.	0
 I am sitting in a makeshift internet cafe near the East Gate of the Taj Mahal.	0
 Kudos to New Delhi for having a clean and efficient international terminal.	1
"I booked a prepaid taxi to take me to my cousin Henri's appartment in New Delhi,"	1
 Easier said than done: He stank at directions (and just plain stank also).	0
 we stayed up until the new taxi came to bring me to the train station.	1
" claiming that the """"WS"""" on my ticket meant """"Wait for seat"""" and that I was on a waiting list."	1
" I was rubbing elbows with a teenage girl who was charging her phone on the wall next to me,"	1
Hotel Sheela near the East Gate of the Taj Mahal can boast a great location but a mediocre double standard room (I don't mind).	0
" They have a quiet courtyard with a decent restaurant (Lower your expectations,"	1
" Leaving the hotel at 5:45am it was light,"	0
 now polluting vehicles aren't allowed within a couple of hundred metres) was really enjoyable.	1
There was no queue at the ticket booth so we quickly had our (expensive 750 rupee) tickets and had collected our 'free' shoe covers and bottle of water.	1
 We joined the ladies queue to go through the security check.	0
 We had been told by our driver that certain things (such as knives and food) are not allowed - but as we went through the bag check Marie was told her torch was not allowed and neither was her gorilla tripod.	1
 breakfast at the hotel was spicy pasta or curry (neither of which we were impressed about) baked beans and a boiled egg- not the continental breakfast we were supposed to get but we ate knowing we probably wouldn't want lunch as it would be too hot.	0
' Then you wait in a smallish boarding area that continuously fills with people.	1
Confusingly when you book the flight you're told you are not allowed to take any hand luggage on.	1
" boarding passes and hand luggage tags checked for stamps to say they were cleared and then queue again to get another stamp on each,"	1
 hotel vouchers and settled the expensive bill.	1
 It is a different perspective driving through the chaos in a car and we are not that is entirely comfortable observing people eeking out a living behind a sheet of glass.	1
It was as hot as hell and the aircon couldn't compete with the sun and Indian roads have a speed limit of 60km.	0
" Or the lunch stop restaraunt that charged 60 rupees for a tea (that's twice the price of a nice restaraunt),"	0
" we took our bags up to the room despite the porter offering several times,"	1
Dinner at the hotel restaraunt (we were too knackered to go looking for food) took over an hour to get everything we ordered and we were the first in there - getting a roti took a record time of almost an hour and still the waiter wanted a tip.	1
" The manager Suny greeted me on arrival,"	1
 and had things organised for my two day stay in a jiffy.	1
 I had a great afternoon thanks to my kind and informative driver.	1
" I jumped a taxi to the excellent Suraj guest house in the maze of streets near the sacred Ganjes,"	1
"We managed to get a general ticket which apparently means we were on the waiting list,"	1
We hopped on the first AC carriage to find the TT man (ticket man) to see whether we could get a ticket.	1
 put our stuff on it and wait for the TT man.	1
 which much to Jamie's dismay only have fans and no AC fast forward to a very sweaty train journey!	1
 perched precariously infront of our bags and waiting for the TT man.	1
 When the TT man finally came he told us we couldn't stay all one bed and he would go and find us another.	1
 once Olivia and I had finally found the right sitting pattern and had even managed a short doze the TT man finally made a reappearance.	0
" We are currently staying in Monalisa Peace Cottage which even comes with resident monkeys and night time singing,"	1
 Nepali Temple and his shop (fortunately we managed to loose him before we had to go to his shop which obviously meant that we also got very lost).	1
" This I followed up with high tea at the Imperial Hotel where for about 800 rupees (about $16) you can tuck into all of the scones (complete with clotted cream),"	1
 Up there we could see the line of dead bodies waiting to be cremated next to the Ganges.	0
 so we spent a chilled evening reflecting on our stay in India so far.	1
 Most are bathing ghats but there are a few cremation ghats and my hotel in Varanasi just happened to be right above one of them - Harishchandra Ghat - about 50 meters from the river bank.	1
 Behind the hotel is an enormous supply of wood which the relatives of the deceased must buy to have their loved one cremated here.	0
I walked from my hotel past 20 or so ghats towards one of the main bathing ghats.	1
" The scene here was one some ways almost reminiscent of a sunny day in the summer at an English seaside resort - hundreds of people,"	0
 The next day I also managed to find a stall recommended by the guidebook - The Blue Lassi - absolutely heavenly lassis flavoured with almost any available fruit.	1
 sheer number of people and the amount of people waiting to scam you all seem to conspire against you.	1
The guidebook said 'give it a chance and this schizophrenic capital could capture your heart'.	0
 and maybe its just me that couldn't hack it (have not met a single traveller who liked it FYI)but I couldn't wait to get out of the place.	1
 transport used and even hotel rooms.	1
 and then at the end try to convince to go to some shop or tourism office they know.	0
 and also join in the game of trying to take you to a different hotel than you requested as yours is 'full'.	1
" or the hotel you booked is full or that the tourist office has moved,"	1
" taxis and rickshaws who use the horn as though a conduit,"	1
 There was some lovely architecture and easy to imagine this shah ruling over the people from his marble throne.	1
" they have left his room as it was that day showing his few worldly remains,"	1
" My hotel in Pahargang called Cottage Yes Please (indian hotel names are amazing)was great and is also recommended to others,"	1
 So overall New Delhi wasn't for me and the 3 days there were my limit and enough to see everything in my opinion.	1
" It is easy to stay longer than you planned and watch amazed at the sight before you,"	1
" I love to people watch but the 2 days here nearly gave me enough memories to store for a lifetime,"	1
 I'm not sure sitting in a cafe window and watching Cardiff people go by carrying their Tesco shopping or boutique handbags will ever be as interesting again.	1
" The area is full of heavily armed soldiers due to security issues and communal tensions,"	1
 Thoroughly daunted already we (myself and an Aussie from hotel) went ahead.	1
" where pilgrims form a queue to make their offering of milk and flower by throwing it in a well,"	1
" As we were with a hotel guide we were introduced to a priest who said he could get us in,"	0
 it was only when back at the hotel I felt vaguely normal.	0
" Alka hotel is recommended for the amazing views from the balcony and decent price,"	1
" but with enough filth to make you cross your legs,"	0
 flowing fountains and water in front which allows you to see the Taj in perfect reflection and is also built on the bend of a serene river.	1
 To top it off I had a hotel which had a rooftop restaurant and it looked right at the Taj from nearby so I spent most of that evening gazing in wonder while drinking Indian beer and eating good food with people during the sunset.	1
" I have since found India a little easier to cope with since those first early mind frazzling days in Delhi,"	0
 Outside the railway station there is a tourist office hotel booking agency so I went there first.	1
" It was useful that I did because when I mentioned that I wanted to stay near the station because I had to catch a train the next morning,"	1
 he sorted out a hotel and a cycle rickshaw to take me there.	1
After checking in at the hotel I just dumped my stuff and went straight back out and found a tuk tuk to take me to the Red Fort.	1
"Back to my hotel then for a much needed shower,"	1
 then spent an hour in an internet cafe before going to eat - had an excellent chicken curry in a really small local food shop (I couldn't really call it a restaurant!	1
 The train was also almost an hour late in leaving so I had a long wait on the platform where I had some breakfast (vegetable samosas!	0
" and there was a separate queue for foreigh tourists,"	1
 I went outside and got a tuk tuk to one of the hotels recommended in the Lonely Planet India guide - The Shanti Lodge.	1
 This hotel has a rooftop restaurant with a superb view of the Taj Mahal.	1
" so this afternoon I just walked around all 3 sides of the Taj Mahal (it backs on to the river but you aren't allowed to walk along that side),"	0
On Tuesday morning I had breakfast on the roof garden of the hotel with the Taj Mahal in the background.	1
A car picked us up from our hotel at 6am and we set off for Agra!	1
 taxi's - the lot!	1
 We had a few photos taken in front of it and suprisingly got to the front of a pretty small queue for the Diana seat and had a photo taken there - despite Graeme's reluctance to strike the Diana pose!	1
" The driver tried and tried to persuade us to """"take a look at my friend's shop until the rain stops"""","	1
 So after another long wait at the side of the road we were finally on our way.	0
 the children are never allowed to sit on the floor in schools.	0
 and stayed in a great motel once again with a pool ( No bats or monkeys!	1
" although I was sick for the majority of my stay here and it was extremely hot,"	1
" We were picked up at the Delhi Airport and transported to """"The Connaught"""" hotel in New Delhi."	1
 who are not allowed to be burnt; 1.	0
 After the Holyman's informative chat he then hit us with how they need funds to run Hospice building where poor people come to die next to the holy ghat.	1
 He said that he hoped he could save enough money to buy them a shop!	1
" There are thousands and thousands of these tiny shops in the streets of Varanasi and that was his ambition for his children,"	1
 At this point of time we deemed it necessary to take a little time off touring so on Kezia's advice we visited the Syria Hotel which had a pool that you could use and cool drinks.	1
 who went into the house while we bemused waited in the Jeep.	0
) until we arrived at the hotel we were supposed to arrive at the following day!	0
" So after breakfast our immediate port of call was the hotel swimming pool,"	1
"restaurant (dragged out for a few hours as there was ac and a decent place to play cards in) having a meat platter,"	1
 Then back to the pool and then back to the bar!	1
" The group booked through the hotel to go down,"	1
 holy people and lepers were cast into the river rapped in shrouds as they were not allowed to be burnt.	0
"through Agra to our hotel was not all that inspiring,"	0
"the road we managed to block it in both directions,"	1
especially after what we charge foreigners to see the sights of London.	1
 so i managed an auto in 200 rs to cover all major destination spots in agra.	1
 After putting my bagpack in the clock room and paying entry fee i entered.	1
 The train itself was not fancy or overly comfortable but we had a place to sit and a window to enjoy the views that passed by.	0
As we sat waiting for our train to set of on the 3 1/2 hour journey to Agra we enjoyed watching the hustle and bustle of the train station from our safe quarters.	1
" Other than the room conditions,"	0
" I plan on finding a good organization soon and making donations that way,"	1
 with all the haze there wasn't much of a sunrise but at least it was still cool enough to enjoy our visit.	1
" A private car would be waiting for us at 2 pm to take us to our next destination,"	1
 so we ran back to the shop and bought 10 more.	1
" pushing in queues and generally just causing unnecessary chaos,"	1
 We decided to splash out on a $30 a night hotel and its like a palace.	1
" We have organised for the hotels tuk tuk driver,"	1
 and charging you much more too.	0
"The idea to book a hotel in Agra was a good one,"	1
" The prepaid taxi driver from the train station to the hotel was all nice and charming,"	1
 and you can hire this car for the whole day!	1
 the last time when we pulled off by the hotel with the Taj clearly in the view.	1
" you are informed that the ticket office is 1 km away,"	0
 we walk there dodging rikshas and promising a teenage guy called Lucky to have a look at his shop after Taj.	1
" yes we will visit your shop we promise,"	1
" I was stupid enough to have the swiss knife and a torch in my pocket,"	1
 and these two are not allowed inside.	0
---->These are not allowed inside.	0
"The hotel I was staying in was filthy,"	0
Anyway if your thinking of staying here I would definately recommend against it.	0
 so no lights are really allowed in anyway.	0
 After this we managed to go back to sleep and have a bit of a lie in.	1
 We lugged our backpacks through the stinky alleys until we reached the car - which had managed to get down to the Ghats at this time of the day (no Pilgrms!	0
 We have included some photos of our 'hotel' with this blog.	1
 Mr Barun was waiting for us in the Arrival Hall at Delhi Airport.	1
 He drove us the half hour to our hotel wich was called The Residence and is located in South Delhi.	1
The hotel is one of the best yet.	1
 The room was lovely.	1
" It has maintained its religious heritage since the 6th century BC in one continuous tradition,"	1
" It is located on a ford on the river and is among the holiest of all tirthas ('crossing place'? These tirthas allow the devotee access to the divine,"	1
order to meet our guide for the day in the hotel reception.	1
 was waiting and immediately led us down the hotel steps to the river bank where there was a young boy waiting for us with a rowing boat.	1
 temples and palaces (of which our 'hotel' was one).	0
 Ajay informed us that they only send out one priest for the morning rituals (unlike the ceremony last night when there were quite a few).	0
" In reality the river is scummy with effluent (our hotel probably being one of the contributors - there is no sewage system),"	0
 M looked a bit concerned and asked Ajay where the hotels did their laundry.	1
 and facilitating the final release for those lucky enough to pass away here.	0
 We were not allowed inside as you had to be a Hindu.	0
Ajay arrived on time and we walked back through the alleys to the waiting car and driver.	1
 We returned to the hotel where over a Kingfisher D decided that Varinasi should have a new English name.	1
 There were four separate queues to get in.	1
 The menís queue moved fairly swiftly but the womenís was painfully slow.	0
 The emperor was devastated by her death and wanted to create an unsurpassable monument to her memory and its name 'Taj Mahal' is simply an informal version of the title of the palace in which Mumtaz lived.	0
 The original structure would have been made of wood and scattered with luxurious carpets and the ceiling would have been covered with satin canopies.	1
 There is an identical building to the east which was only added to maintain the symmetry of the complex.	1
 We waited on the platform with our agent for the train.	1
 The journey to Bharatpur Station took us about two and half hours and we were met by the agent who was waiting outside our carriage.	0
 He took us to the waiting Mr Barun.	1
 who was to stay with us until we left Agra.	0
 It consists of 3 rooms and is also known as 'Blind Man's Buff House' as it is great for playing the ancient game.	0
Next we went to the Anup Talao (Peerless Pool) which has a balustraded platform in the centre which is approached by 4 causeways.	1
 Sachin told us a little of the history of the building before we climbed aboard the tuk tuk and retuned to the car park and the waiting Mr Barun.	1
 We were not in a hotel this time but a homestay.	1
 This is where you stay in a room in someone's house.	0
" The room was clean,"	1
 It was a bit of a rip off but was enough to curb our hunger.	1
 We stopped at a 'Wine Shop' and Mr Barun got us a couple of Kingfishers (he gets Indian prices of 70 rupees where we get charged 5 times that) to take back to the hotel.	1
We will get a taxi to the railway station in a few hours and will arrive in Kolkata at 08.	0
 My ticket is confirmed but I do not have my Coach/Berth number so I go to the ticket office and the man goes on the railway internet site and gets my details for me.	1
Now to wait for the train and wait I did.	0
 This afternoon Mirs wants some company to go shopping so a stroll of the town it is.	1
About this time I managed to lock myself out of my room by snapping shut my padlock and leaving all the keys inside.	0
I wait at the stop and try to find some shade as it is again a warm one.	1
I sit next to a lad called Michael from Frankfurt and no sooner then we had said hello when in the seats in front are 2 of the volunteers from Holi in Jodhpur.	1
 We arrive have a look at the rooms which are ok and we are in.	1
As I am going up to my room I meet at guy called Eggi also from Frankfurt who I was with for a short time in Bundi.	0
Michaeland me decide to get up early and go to the Taj before the AC buses arrive.	1
Up early to get to the Taj and join the queue for a ticket.	0
Itís now late afternoon and I have to leave tonight for Varanasi so back to the hotel to eat and get my ruck which is locked away in Michaelís room.	1
 While looking up something later we found this was a common scam by tuk tuk drivers who then go on to charge you a lot for the journey to the correct stop.	1
 Why they allow them on the bus in the first place I donít know.	0
Hotel we are staying at in Agra is called the tourist rest house owned by the same people who owned our last hotel the Sunder palace.	1
" wifi occasionally,"	0
 The person who picked us up tried to scam us for a visit to the Taj Mahal charging 650 ruppees for services that even he wasnít really able to justify for the cost.	0
 He is also the waiter at the hotel restaurant.	1
 We decided to eat out the first night as the Hotel restaurant couldnít cook anything we wanted and all we got was a blank look from the waiter.	1
"I left the hotel feeling rough and sneezing due to the lack of sleep,"	1
 Outside the hotel a very thin and very old Indian man peddled up to us at about 1 mph on his cycle rickshaw.	0
 He said no as the police were around and it may not be allowed so the guilt continued.	1
" which is a disappointment as we have heard it described as the dirtiest place in India and a real eye opener which is always good to hear,"	1
 We got there for 6am like everyone recommended unfortunately as expected everyone else did this too so the queue was still big.	1
 After paying the huge 750 entrance fee and another queue we finally got in.	0
 I was expecting it to be a huge disappointment as it is hyped so much but it is good to see and well worth the trip and photo op.	1
 After that we went back to the hotel after the usual detour round the tuk tuk shops.	1
 I think I will stay here and help out in the restaurant and orphanage for a while and continue doing my yoga classes everyday!	1
 I'm sharing a room with this young 20yr old Canadian guy.	1
 The room is only costing me 150r which is so cheap!	1
 I am not allowed to buy anything after a yoga class.	1
 nehmen dann die Rikscha zum Hotel und checken aus.	0
checken im Hotel ein und genehmigen uns eine Muetze Schlaf.	1
Holi auch bei uns im Hotel Kleider-Opfer fordert.	1
"Im Hotel zurueck,"	0
 I have been confined to my room for most of today.	0
gehen wir darauf nicht ein und wollen in ein Hotel in der Naehe.	0
" Wir klappern etliche Hotels in der Stadt ab,"	0
" dass zwar alle Hotels Zimmer hatten,"	1
Hotel endlich fuendig.	1
"Our small room was next to a common area,"	1
clothes and somehow managed to fall asleep again.	1
 until the glare became strong enough to cause a headache.	1
" In the center of the room were two tombs,"	1
 The structure has never been washedóthe monsoons do a good enough job of keeping it clean.	1
"Dachterasse unseres Hotels erklimmen,"	0
"durch sind mit unserer Tour denken wir Shaid im Hotel anzufinden,"	0
"Zum Abendessen haben wir uns im Hotel angemeldet,"	1
 Da wir sher m¸de sind checken wir in dem von Harish vorgeschlagenen Ankur Resort ein und buchen auch hier an der Rezeption eine- etwas teurere- Tigersafari f¸r morgen fr¸h.	0
 Als naechstes dann das gewohnte Bild: wir kommen an und wollen uns clever an den pre-paid Taxi Schalter begeben um nicht abgezockt zu werden.	1
" wo wir hin wollen und laesst uns ein Hotel ansehen,"	1
Hotel was very comfortable and the shower was not lacking in pressure or hot water which made the nights sleep very welcoming.	1
 The history of the country was told to us by our very informed guide and the names all run together but his love and pride of his beloved India came thru in every tale of the countries history.	1
 The next morning we returned to the Amber Fort to find our personal beast of burden the Indian Elephant waiting to take us up the hill to the entrance gate of the fort.	1
 The best part of the ride apart from the spectacular view of the valley was the respite it allowed us from the ever present street hawkers selling us every imaginable kind of trinket as a souvenir of our visit.	1
" We had been advised to stay for as short a time as possible,"	0
 not even staying the night if feasible.	0
" For the sake of our sanity we hate to rush in and out of a place so we decided to stay for at least two nights,"	1
 Thankfully the hotel we had chosen was liveable and we were delighted to find a beautiful rooftop garden awaiting us from which views of the Taj Mahal could not be surpassed.	1
 sharing facts and other novelties acquired from the guidebook which told interestingly of the Emperor Akbarís many wives of different faiths from around the world whom he housed luxuriously in the grounds.	1
 The palaceís most lovely attraction was the Ornamental Pool and pavilion where we sat leisurely so as to fully enjoy.	1
Soon we found ourselves on the rooftop of our hotel once again to eat a delicious dinner as the sun set about the Taj.	1
 We made our way to the West entrance and joined the small queue that had already formed.	0
" We didnít wait long before acquiring tickets and then had to join another,"	0
" The dawn light was not yet prevalent enough to properly illuminate the white marble and the paleness of the structure almost blended with the pallid,"	1
 space enough to really enjoy it.	0
 This hollow room is shared also by pigeons and filled less than peacefully during daytime hours by ephemeral observers.	1
Eventually and with regret we drew ourselves away from the Taj only to spend the remainder of our time staring at it fixatedly from our rooftop while we maintained our full bellies.	1
 A few days previous I sat in the jeep waiting to depart for Darjeeling and watched as an adolescent girl slapped a much smaller girl of about three years hard across the face.	1
 Now as we sat waiting we were given little warning as a beggar woman stood before us peeing down her legs and skirt.	0
" but all too often I am required to resort to the next stage; stare back,"	1
" Lucky for us they stayed clear of our beds,"	1
 tedious hours on the train passed I mentally checked out but Chris managed to make friends with some particularly lovely fellows from Assam.	1
Crawling from one station to another just to wait for an hour before shuffling along again we were presented ample viewing time at the window.	1
 deciding in an unspoken agreement that it was her sonís responsibility to allow his mother to sit - but he sat their sneering.	1
"Upon awaking the next morning in a hotel room,"	1
 listening to the hustle and bustle of Varanasi and feeling spiteful toward Chris as he returned from a walk along the ghats buzzing with euphoria from experiencing the sights and sounds outside the hotel walls.	1
" The first day had not been such an issue for me as little was happening outside due to local elections that day,"	1
We extended our stay so that when I was recovered I would have time to fully appreciate the place.	1
" For this reason we never stayed long,"	0
 not to mention I am not wholly comfortable watching a live cremation.	1
After taking in all the sights we were returning to our hotel on the small wooden vessel.	1
 the people would never allow that to happen.	0
 surely a sense of empathy dictates that we should not allow the body to be eaten by dogs in the street.	1
"Ten minutes later I found myself back in our hotel room,"	1
" LkW und fremde Autos (bis auf Taxis) m¸ssen neuerdings aus dem Ort drauﬂen bleiben,"	0
 weiﬂ aber leider nichts (zum Gl¸ck gibt's Internet: http://www.	0
" und sage """"I just want to stay here and enjoy"""" - was er mit einem """"you enjoy evening time,"	0
" der eine als """"makeup room"""" mit allerlei Farben und Blumen ausgestattet,"	0
"poi alla fine trovo un taxi mi porta in centro ,"	1
traffico impossibile come sempre e caos puro arrivo sul gange i taxinari ci restano male che non entro nei loro hotel o guest house cosi ci hanno perso la loro % .	1
cosi con poca voglia mi prendo posto in un hotel ( parolone ) bettola per morti di fame suona meglio .	1
"arrivo in stazione a katmandi e piglio un bel taxi 8 visto che sono fuori citta ) e sono all'hotel di carol ,"	1
piazzo la roba in una specie di Hotel vicino al taj Mahal e riesco ad buttarmi dentro .	1
Alla fine son tornato all'hotel dove un socio di Ambrogio mi ha portato in altra stazione dove ho lasciato Agra per arrivare a Varanasi di primo mattino .	1
We extended our stay in Hampi by another 4 nights.	1
We found a lovely room in a guesthouse with a balcony overlooking the Ganges.	1
 Exactly what we wanted and it was the first room we looked at.	1
 They only have one room and the restaurant that's above it is one of the best in Varanasi.	1
 Only men are allowed at the cremations because women cry too much (so I was told) and in previous years the women threw themselves onto the fires out of desperation of losing the main breadwinner.	0
 You can watch the procedures but it's very likely that a 'guide' will approach you and ask you to follow him to a place where you are 'allowed' to watch.	1
I was glad that I went to the smaller burning that first - it's not as 'commercial' there and I did get some interesting information there without paying.	1
 the accommodation wasnít perfect as we were confined to the lodge compound between 5.	1
 Finally the weather here is dry like Adelaide which we much preferred to that of South East Asia and we had a large group of volunteers to socialise with whereas at Phnom Tamao we were alone.	1
30am due to the horrible traffic congestion we headed straight to the airport arriving around 2pm while the others who were staying another week went into town to shop and have dinner.	0
" check in was efficient but strangely they have separate departure gates for men and women,"	1
The climate in Delhi was much cooler so it was fortunate that our driver Jitu and his boss Asif were waiting for us at the arrivals gate; Asif speaks French with an English accent which is very peculiar.	1
 It took quite some time to find our hotel but eventually we arrived around 8pm and enjoyed the buffet dinner before Ruth had herself a hot bath.	1
 where we gorged ourselves silly because it was included in the room price and we had no idea when we would eat again.	0
"The hotel was our next port of call Jitu suggesting one that was average but clean enough,"	1
" this wasnít why we didnít stay here that was the fault of the hotel manager who tried to charge me an exorbitant price for his rooms,"	0
" I slid the paper covers over my shoes so that my sandals wouldnít damage the marble and joined the small foreigners queue to the left of the mausoleums entrance,"	1
" photography is not allowed inside but that did not deter the Indianís in the least,"	0
 Ruth waited outside with my sandals.	1
" 12 hours in an AC Tier 2 Sleeper Class,"	0
 my siblings-in-law reliably inform me they are made of lentils and peas and are delicious.	1
 Sticking fastidiously to the rules (ie.	0
"After the disappointment of Ranthambore,"	0
 we decided to do things the easy way round in Agra and hired a rickshaw driver for the whole day.	1
 our plans were derailed when we found out that our train was no longer passing through Agra and that we would have to travel 60km by taxi to another town to catch our train!	0
 with a beautiful view of the Taj Mahal from our hotel window.	0
"Hotel was a bit crappy - not so clean,"	0
 Our guide was a nice enough guy ( I think ).	1
Enough said.	0
 He also took us up a mountain to a cave which is again where Buddha stayed for 6 years and is also a place of pilgimage and worship.	1
But the place that will stay with us the most is the Mahabodhi Temple.	1
" talking about all the different issues relating to the pursuit of true democracy in India that I'll bet was really interesting (I couldn't go due to my not being a youth anymore,"	1
" Mom got sick that night and stayed that way for the next few days,"	1
 waiting for the marble shop outside the Taj Mahal to open.	1
 very comforting after having spent so much time here.	1
" who is a taxi driver here,"	1
" So I was happy in the end that we wound up staying in Jaipur,"	1
"We came toAgra on the bus and it was a pretty decent ride,"	1
" at a shop in the middle of an industrial wasteland,"	1
" We went into a shop to buy a postcard from a 12 year-old boy and wound up walking out with two marble tea light holders (one of those incredibly smooth salespeople that I apparently cannot resist),"	1
 Another 5 hour drive this morning and we're now waiting in the Hotel Radisson before we board the overnight sleeper to Agra at 17:45 which should be .	1
 so we will have to resort to hotel Internet and cyber-shacks for the time being.	0
" wait for a gap in the traffic,"	0
a) Blare your horn maintaining your current course of direction and speed.	1
" This allows you to drive a car,"	1
 Will provide an update on Bodh Gaya when we get to Agra (Internet-access notwithstanding).	1
 men aren't allowed during the birth of their children and woman are not allowed at the funerals.	0
" a coffee shop and bakery,"	1
We stayed 2 nights at Hotel Divya which had a great location near Assi Ghat but only had hot water for a few hours a day.	0
 The food next door at Haifa Hotel was a great value and good.	1
 Still not plucked up enough courage to try the Steamed Idli for breakfast.	0
 other than the length of the queues to get in.	0
"AprËs arrive ‡ l'hotel Tridant,"	0
 We were all worried what this meant since weíve stayed in some pretty bad places already.	0
 Waiting around we saw one man lean out the window and vomit out all over the side of the bus.	0
The van was comfortable and we were relieved not to have to ride the vomit bus.	1
"The streets were lined with the touristy shops and the common chaos you would normally find on the Indian streets,"	1
 The rooms consisted of a bed and bathroom and that was it not even an outlet to charge our electronics.	1
 The rooms were indeed basic but not as bad as I had imagined.	1
Elyse cruised right in and waited for me for about 15 or 20 minutes while I stood in line.	0
 We arrived around three and stayed for sunset then headed back to our hostel.	1
Afterwards we headed back near our hostel and Elyse and I went and sat at an internet cafÈ.	1
Mahal East Gate Entrance but rooms were not up to our standard.	0
 A bit disconcerting last night with a couple of people wandering around the hotel lobby carrying machine guns.	1
 wasn't allowed to take any pictures though).	1
 The bus has seen better days but its comfortable enough and it gets us there without breaking down.	1
 We manage to deflect the attention of most but upon entering Ben is hooked.	1
 After a struggle I manage to get away but he very nearly reeled me in too!	1
" Dannes waits patiently outside for our tickets but I reiterate my wish to keep it and give him 50Rs instead,"	1
 I get back to the guesthouse with just enough time to work out where I am headed next.	0
 I finally decide that I am not prepared enough for the cold of Dharamsala and so I go on to Pushkar after Delhi.	1
 I have just enough time to book my next train to Ajmer which is the following morning at 4.	1
 I hook up with an English couple sitting on the platform and chat with them whilst we wait for the train together.	1
 I arrived into Nizamuddin and get a tuktuk to New Delhi where I have been recommended to stay in the Hotel Vivek.	1
 I book a night but stay for just a few hours.	1
30am to catch a taxi to Old Delhi train station.	1
 Day 9 14/01/12 There is a sweet man at the hotel who brings me a hot masala chai first thing and helps me to my taxi.	1
 I was so cold and really very tempted to use my recently acquired Hindi swear word but managed to refrain and instead went to the cafe outside who gladly gave my a hot chai.	1
 know it all strut I pass right by all the rickshaw drivers and wait on the other side of the road.	0
 I wait a little time longer until a man approaches me to say that I am in the wrong place so I start walking in the direction of the numerous vague hand gestures.	1
" After waiting ages in the queue I had had enough of the locals pushing in ahead of me,"	0
 welcomed to squeeze in with a large Indian family at the back who made some room for me to sit by juggling their children around.	1
 but Air Force practicing for Republic celebrations on the 26th Jan) then spent the rest of the afternoon trying to get WiFi working.	0
" We ordered room service to be delieverd at 7am,"	1
 Pete and I both knew it probably was going to be an issue due to timing so I called room service at 6:55 to make sure our breakfast would be delivered so we had time to eat.	1
Our bus had more leg room than our last bus and was only about half full as this bus required everyone to have a seat.	1
 When we pulled into the bus stop I knew I would only be going from the hotel to the bird park and back.	0
Stayed 1 night:Birders Inn ñconsidered ìMost Posh Place we stayedî by our guide still no heat in all of India so far.	1
Pete's point of view-This happened to be our nicest hotel of the trip which has a very nice garden courtyard.	1
" After a 30h train ride through India (which was comfortable and relaxing for the first 25 hours and just plain boring for the remaining 5h) - but overall,"	1
 We have been staying in the Old Part of Varanasi which is basically a mixture of old alleys (in which you can easily get lost!	1
 Now this might make you think that we're not reeeeally enjoying our stay here - but here's the thing - Varanasi is truely beautiful.	1
The guesthouse where we are staying is giving 20%!	1
 being able to use their different advantages to create a well-functioning and sustainable project.	1
 who probably lived in our room loooong before we did.	1
 So we hired bikes and went to see the 'less good' ones.	1
 Instead of getting the train for one hour we decided to get the bus for five and waste time like this rather than waiting at the train station.	1
 So some 6 hours to wait for a 8 hour train or something of the like we jacked in the idea of the National Park and made for Varanasi.	0
" The delightful room I stayed in was complete with window,"	1
And so began my week long stay in hospital.	1
"After about 16 days of living in a tent and hours of taxi rides,"	1
 we were very happy to have arrived in Agra and found that the 'cheap' hotel we booked online ended up being a 5 star hotel.	1
 It was very nice to be able to get some R&R in our room and actually have a nice WARM shower!	1
 about two feet further away from me and he seemed somewhat more comfortable with this but still looked at me as if I would leap up and murder him at a moments notice.	1
 wandered up towards the AC2 carriage.	1
 On the top bunk in the AC carriage it is freezing so I wake several times.	1
" taxi touts outside the doors,"	1
" The manager of the guesthouse,"	1
" But even then he continues to make comments like 'I give you double room madam,"	1
 I should not allow men to show me around as unofficial tour guides will often pose as staff but will then try to extort money from you afterwards.	1
" At this moment I am grateful that Haseen has brought me here first as I think it would be disappointing to have seen this after the Taj Mahal which,"	1
 where he waits just outside the gates.	0
 When I came to join the queue for security I was horrified to find four separate queues.	1
 Now at this moment I was both glad to have paid the extra as the queue for me was almost non existent but at the same times ashamed to see that the queue for Indian women was about 150 deep.	0
 I wish I had enough food to give to them all but India is starving at ground level so I could never give enough.	0
 supposedly) waits outside.	0
 This is not allowed outside in the Indian world so they must relish coming here where public displays of affection are not frowned upon.	0
" At first I say no and they are always very respectful but seem genuinely disappointed so I agree later on and find that they are very happy to have their photo taken with a 'scruffily dressed,"	1
 And so we head to the orphanage via a kite shop where I buy fifty kites for the children including the best type of string for about £12.	1
"While we waited for them to place it on to 25 separate reels,"	1
 we could not stay long as we had not eaten all day and so we went in search of food.	1
We rushed back to the hostel to charge Sahi's camera battery before heading to the Puja ceremony.	1
 This time I caught the end and so with the two nights viewing I manage to see the whole thing.	1
 We managed to find our way back to the hostel where there was a traditional concert of music and dance going on in the small reception area.	1
 I listened from my room next door.	1
 No photos are allowed here but we steal one or two of the architecture as it is so beautiful and so very ancient looking.	1
 shit and more shit to arrive back at the hotel - step out and slip.	1
 My back was in pieces from the taxi ride home from Colaba yesterday so I couldn't get comfortable and I'm panicking a little that I might not be able to carry on.	1
 My taxi arrived on Indian time about 30mins late but I made it to Lokmanya Tilak Terminal well in time for my train.	1
" It has been comfortable and pleasant (though,"	0
I somehow manage to get off the train at the right station and am again surrounded but hundreds of people pushing to get on the train.	1
 I manage to grab 'driver' and 'two minutes' but nothing else so I wait.	1
 I get a call from another man who says he is waiting at the information office so I try in my panic stricken state to find the information office.	1
 I ask for directions but am pointed to the postal information office where I wait for ten minutes before another phone call.	0
 I manage to understand that we are not in the same place.	0
 A group of young indian lads tell me I should go to the tourist information centre and tell me how to get there.	1
 There are open doors that allow you a view into nothing but complete darkness beyond and miniature temples decorated with plastic figurines of chosen gods.	1
" You just have to sit an wait whilst they do whatever it is that they are doing,"	0
 In this instance I met a Polish couple who were waiting for their taxi to the train station.	1
 wondering why he would want to show me the roof before showing me my room but I go along.	1
 The rooftop allows views over much of the old town of Varanasi and even down to the Ganges but the mist does not allow for a view to the other side.	1
 he has learned only through the westerners that come to stay at the hostel.	1
 Finally he shows me to my room where I dump my bags and head bad to the reception area where Mayur waits to tell me about Varanasi.	1
" There is a decent train from Delhi,"	1
 but then you are at the mercy of taxi drivers and self-appointed guides begging for your business.	1
 the well-informed man on the microphone is telling us all sorts of interesting things that I might not have learned otherwise.	1
 we arrive at our hotel for a quick wash-up and we head to the main attraction.	1
" as I stood in long queues outside of the Eiffel Tower or the Coliseum in Rome - sometimes tourist attractions are tourist attractions for a reason,"	1
 So to make the most of it I hire a guide and a driver (blew my budget for that day!	1
 I was relieved to get to my next hotel for the night to meet the group I'd be travelling with for the next 2 weeks.	1
" The man on reception tells me the girl I'm sharing a room with is already here so I go up to the room to meet her,"	1
I'm so sorry I didn't know I was sharing - the room's a mess and I've just done a poo in the toilet.	1
" not the most comfortable but its BIG,"	0
 from Kathmandu we head out to Chitwan National Park and arrive at Rhino Lodge around lunchtime.	1
 Will upload photos when I get a fast enough internet connection!	1
Train- 3AC ñ interesting experience.	1
 We did manage to get some sleep but what we thought was a 9 hour train trip turned out to be 13 hours.	0
 I don't know enough about Hinduism to totally understand but I do know that to be die means you will past directly to heaven ñ no need to be re-born and keep trying to get there.	1
 the streets in the area we were in were narrow alley ways chock full of shops and it was very easy to miss a ëleft'.	1
 You start to realize it when you start passing the same shop keepers.	1
 It's fun and I am guessing the shop keepers are rolling their eyes thinking how dumb western tourists are.	0
 After a long uncomfortable wait both conductors convened around us and just at the pivotal moment when they were to send us to the treacherous back lurches of the train (where we would have to squeeze between the sweaty haunches of unfamiliar men for the next ten hours) when I asked to see their paper with list of passenger names.	1
 Once at a hotel someone checked us in under the name ìKATHY.	0
î I hope the real Kathy wasnít pissed when she showed up and saw that her room was booked.	1
" That afternoon we attempted to go shopping at a bazaar but the constant fear of being hit by a car and the deafening horns were so intense that we gave up and instead visited Agra Fort,"	1
Taxi from the airport should be about 400 rupees but you may have to pay 500 depending on how many taxi drivers have dropped people off and are looking to go home.	1
