 There are a small handful of cheap places to stay in Agumbe,	1
 As I was getting off the bus a pack of about ten of them charged past barking and snarling.	1
 but I couldn't find out much on cheap places to stay in Valparai - it all seems to be expensive estate lodges on the tea plantations.	0
 At the station there is a ticket office and queues of people buying tickets for their trains.	0
 Stupid internet and Lonely Planet.	1
 I asked if there were any cheap lodgings in Thirtalli,	0
 Opposite the bus stand was a lodge which I don't know the name of but which only cost 250 rupees for a room (about NZ$5).	1
We had to leave our comfortable spot nestled in coffee country very early in the morning because we we had to drive through an area that was dealing with some disruptive protesting.	1
com at a very cheap rate (Rs 1700) for halting the previous night,	1
facilities having excellent view of the Seven hills.	1
 At the city outskirts both sides of the highway were decorated with well maintained gardens.	1
 there was no difficulty in driving.	1
 Thanks to those people who were maintaining this highway.	1
 I could maintain my speed of 100 to 120 Kms per hour even at night at ease.	1
 I hired an AC Cottage (Tariff Rs 2750/-).	1
 I noticed a cockroach in the Toilet-seat.	1
 I had to come out of the car and then noticed that the queue was more than a mile long,	0
One important lesson of this journey was to feel the difficulties experienced by these drivers carrying goods inter-state.	0
 managing the queue of trucks and even directing those drivers.	0
 Moreover the road condition was exceedingly good and it was a comfortable drive.	0
 There was heavy police posting throughout my journey and good traffic management could be noticed everywhere.	1
 presently booking of these rooms are comparatively easier thru on-line facility (compared to booking of Guest House in Nagarhole Tiger Reserve which we visited last month,	1
Toilet was clean with necessary facilities (even hot water also).	1
On the whole it was a nice arrangement and an ideal place for a nature lover to enjoy nature having the comfort of all basic facilities.	1
A memento shop was located near the Safari Ticket counter.	1
There was a private memento shop after crossing the Forest Check Post named Temple Tree Designs.	1
 hence we did not expect any luxury comfort or delicious menu which was not available there.	1
 Charging of Camera battery had become a bit difficult.	0
 Two big resorts namely “The Jungle Inn” and “ Kings Sanctuary“ respectively could be seen here.	0
 Cauvery Forest Lodge – 2 rooms of two beds each @ Rs 1600 per room,	1
 Gangotri Forest Lodge – 4 rooms of two beds each @ Rs 1000 per room,	1
 Lodge Rent @ Rs 1000 per day for 2 days - Rs 2000,	1
 Ticket charges were Rs 268 for two,	1
 Rs 600 had to be paid for hiring the jeep,	1
 Apprehending the probable loss of ticket charges I requested him for return or give us opportunity next day.	1
We reached the Wayanad Wildlife Sanctuary and there was no difficulty to board the Safari Jeep showing the tickets we purchased yesterday but could not utilise.	1
 Lot of boards erected by numerous hotels and resorts could be seen on the way.	1
 Charging of Camera battery had become a bit difficult.	1
 hence I did not expect any luxury comfort or delicious menu which were not available here.	0
) and I tried to make the most out of the time I spent in it but taking 2 hours to go and do a 15-minute food shop when it’s 2km away… and 45 minutes to get to the gym when it’s 1km away wasn’t fun (I know I could walk… and I did sometimes… but not in the dark) and that’s on top of an already long working day.	0
 I felt no need to go and do any souvenir shopping (my photos are my souvenirs,	1
I stayed up late Saturday night packing… felt a bit wary of the apartment because of the electrical issues and whilst nothing had exploded there were still flashing lights and random things happening.	0
 There were large no of makeshift shops on the highway selling different varieties of mangos.	0
 but most of the shops were closed.	1
 Somehow we managed our hunger with some street food.	0
facilities at reasonable cost.	1
 I was short of liquid cash and thought of drawing the same from an ATM on the way.	1
 At last I could draw the required cash from an HDFC Bank ATM in the fourth attempt.	1
 Ferry charge was Rs 34/- per head.	0
The place was maintained by Vivekananda Kendra.	1
This was also a two lane road and moderately maintained except few places.	1
 This was a wide and well maintained road.	1
shops set up by local villagers selling tea and snacks.	1
 I was maintaining comfortable speed with increased caution remembering the horrific incident we had yesterday.	1
 They then helped me do my food shopping in Hypercity and carried it to Noor and the car for me!	1
 I missed Brian but it wasn’t too bad although Usha had been far too efficient and washed things I didn’t want her to,	1
 I had to resort to takeaway a few times… but the good thing here is that you can order pretty much anything and much of it can be made healthy.	1
I had some issues to sort out at home… the hot water in my bedroom wasn’t fixed all week… trying to find out some progress usually involved talking to three people trying to translate for each other… I figured in the end there was no point having the conversation unless Noor was present to effectively translate.	1
 I then tried to email my essay to myself as a back up to find the internet wasn’t working… I figured it must be all part of the same connection.	0
 and my charity and house issues to sort out so the last push has been horrible.	0
 I felt terrible I had to send her off to work without breakfast on Monday… (as we’d got back from Pondicherry so late the night before the shops were shut,	0
” and he wouldn’t let me because he said it’s not a nice place to go because the men in the shops drink.	0
 Brian and I nearly had a domestic as he could see I was a bit pi**ed and I wouldn’t tell him why (I didn’t want to alert the driver to the situation) but when I managed to get the message across he said “Me too”.	0
 He found a good dentist (one of the best dentists in the city is a short walk away from my apartment…) and it’s amazing how cheap everything was.	0
 Usha is very efficient but speaks limited English (so it’s hard to explain what needs doing) and doesn’t have a regular start time so she’s either waking him up or delaying any trips out.	1
Other eventful events of the week were a huge cockroach arriving in the apartment which thankfully Brian dealt with (he was willing to pick it up to put it outside!	1
 so big with nice shops (including Accessorize and The Body Shop) and lots to do.	0
) which is the least I can do after he came to India… something that I’m incredibly grateful and thankful to him for because it’s made the move so much easier… and more fun.	1
 but he remained steady although occasionally un-comfortable throughout the route.	1
 Small shop-keepers showcased various fruits like straw-berries,	0
MTDC Tourist Resort was located in a vast area,	1
Otherwise the place was decent to stay and enjoy amidst nature.	1
Our cottage charge was Rs.	1
 There were horse-riding facilities to stroll nearby areas.	1
A cool and comfortable early morning.	1
 Another issue was not operating of Google Maps (due to not having AIRTEL connectivity).	1
This centuries old fort was still owned and maintained by ancestors of the Maratha rulers.	0
 Ropeway charge was Rs 250 per head.	1
Here also we hired a guide (Charges Rs 200,	1
 This fort was maintained by Archaeological Survey of India.	1
But the journey was not comfortable since she became un-well due to mild sun-stoke.	1
In Satara there was a small difficulty in finding out the link to NH 4.	0
 Doesn’t matter as soon as you get the comfort you deserve.	0
 We selected “Grilled Macarel” which were least costly along with other items.	1
 the noticeable thing was so many shops for tattoos.	1
 There were shops for hiring two-wheelers.	1
 Also lot of shops were selling light beach garments.	1
 That was not at all an issue for us.	1
Another noticeable feature was the cleanliness maintained inside the temple premises.	1
 But when the entry gate opened the entire crowd was managed in a very well-planned and disciplined manner.	1
 The whole show was skilfully managed by a DJ and his associates.	1
 After continuous enquiry for more than an hour we could trace a tyre shop in Panaji to fill Nitrogen.	1
 The shop-keeper advised me to go to one “Geeta Bekary” for tyre repair.	1
 but the amenities at the resorts were excellent.	1
The resort was located covering a vast land area.	1
 All of these rooms were spread throughout the resort area .	1
 It has got all modern facilities like Spa,	1
 It was equipped with all modern facilities like AC,	1
 There were few shops outside the station.	1
 Railway police maintain strict vigil to avoid any possibility of mishap at Dudhsagar.	1
 The temple was maintained by railways.	1
 After spending some more time when we returned to our resort it was almost dark.	1
 We were extremely disappointed and not getting the energy to continue our visit.	1
The localites in the tea shop (located opposite railway station) advised us to visit this temple.	0
 There were few shops at the entry gate and the shopkeeper advised to rush to the temple immediately.	1
On the way back to the resort we decided to finish our dinner.	1
NH4A where the resort was situated and thru which we were proceeding was going towards Belgaum,	1
 other charges - Rs 20,	1
) so we went to a silk shop where I bought a nice scarf as a present (I thought pashmina was a style… it’s a fabric?	1
 I got the queue whilst Brian got the tickets (100 rupees,	1
 It’s not so bad as within seconds the generator turns on the lights but it takes a minute or so for the TV to turn back on and a few more minutes for the Wifi to restart (frustrating when I’m working or Brian is gaming and we get disconnected) and about 5 for the aircon to come back on.	1
 I could've checked some decent places in the south out in that time,	0
 Football Manager and Game of Thrones do get boring after a few days.	1
 You won't get anything else with those facilities for that price.	0
 it's very clean and the wifi is the quickest I've ever come across in India.	1
Last time I went to KFC in Mysore was when I was volunteering in a veggie village so didn't have access to meat very often,	1
 decent room for 300rs per night.	0
 managed to get the hammock up again,	1
 making sure I’m comfortable and giving me handy tips of everything Bangalore related and how to take care of myself.	1
 checking out the local area… I gave him a recommendation for breakfast -- which turned out to be terrible… at least I won’t have to go to try it out now haha 😉 - and he found a really really nice cake shop so I had two nice desserts… the chocolate mousse was one of the best things I’ve ever eaten.	1
On Friday at the end of the week I came home and successfully managed to arrive back in Koramangala (my local area)… stop at the shops… go into the Spar to buy some wine… and cross the road to get take away from Taco Bell and I did it ALL ON MY OWN.	1
 To get taxi was easy due to the technology.	1
 My parents seem to be used to it now… and it was easier leaving this time already knowing I’ll be back at the end of June and again in September… The difficult byes were my friends children… I drove away from a few houses in tears after promising to Skype from the car when I saw cows in the road.	1
 Everything at the airport went pretty well… had time for some shopping and a beer and the flight was on time.	1
 We had some breakfast then slept for the majority of the day… I did get up later to go for a swim - that will be my local pool 😉 – and then we went to the gym before meeting Lisa for dinner.	1
 is very comfortable and has a good TV service.	1
 managed to get mango on the sofa (that was me,	1
 got the Wifi working and Brian cooked dinner – a really nice homemade Indian dish.	1
 It took a bit of getting used to the regular power cuts… and the impact that has on the Wifi (a generator kicks in immediately so the lights come back on but everything else takes some time) and slightly slower speed.	1
 We first went to the UB City Mall… which had some very fancy shops and restaurants but no phone stores.	0
I had a bit more shopping to do but because of the traffic (it takes a long time to get anywhere in Bangalore… most of my photos at present are of traffic) we had to get back to meet colleagues who were over from the UK for dinner.	0
 Once worked was finished we still had shopping to do and I had to top up my phone… as had used up credit already (obviously should have understood that plan better in the first place!	1
 After an hours travel to the phone shop… and a successful top up (I now do understand the plans,	0
 I’m not exaggerating when I say there are about 50 options) we were starving and it was too late for the shops… so we asked Noor to take us for dinner.	0
Later in the day we went out with Noor to get to the shops (eventually,	1
 At first I felt a bit daunted because I thought I should have had more clothes on (was wearing a T-shirt and knee length skirt) and it was really crowded but it was fine and one of the nicest shopping trips ever.	1
Today we took a walk to the shops… it was Noor’s day off so we were on our own… It took about 15 minutes to walk to the main shops… not too bad as that’s where the good gym is too.	0
 the authorities have ensured that this heritage site is properly maintained and has become a major tourist attraction in the state of Karnataka.	1
 An archeological museum housing artifacts of the era is also being maintained in the complex.	1
The evening had descended and it was the time for us to return to the comforts of the hotel and seek rest.	1
We left after simple functional breakfast & a steaming hot cup of coffee.	1
 but Bangalore has managed to hide a few gems away.	1
 very basic and cheap accommodation.	1
 I'm not sure if we managed to see all of them on account of stumbling across some ruins,	1
 Recently I've been playing with the idea of charging 10rs per photo,	0
 according to the guide book we can sample some cheap ales too!	1
 20/02/16 after my first night sleeper bus (pretty good comfortable ride) I arrive in Mysore at 7am,	1
 Much easier to see and more interesting to watch were the wild dogs.	1
 We first drove to the Eco lodge where we are staying.	1
 The cottage had a large room and next door a small plunge swimming pool just about deep enough and big enough for one stroke.	1
 This shop was jammed full with Indian tourists.	1
The lodge where we are staying is a luxury place,	1
 we hired one of the Guide on location who took us around the Fort .	1
My immediate requirement was to look for a lodging arrangement at Bijapur.	1
 I could not manage confirmation from any of the hotels.	1
 There were seven-eight queues each consisting at least hundred vehicles.	0
In my queue I noticed that the toll challan was issued by a person standing after the toll gate.	0
 Two young Motor Cycle riders were lying on the road in a pool of blood,	1
decided to monitor my speed (preferably not beyond 110 km/hr) and thereafter maintained the same throughout my journey.	0
 This worked well as I managed to avoid a siesta which would be risky in a long drive.	1
I tried to look for a lodging near the bus stand.	1
Initial drive was thru a narrow and badly maintained road (around a Kilometer) inside a village.	1
 I have been going through lot of blogs since many years and this travel blogger Shivya Nath is one of my favorites who had written about how to start solo travelling where she stated to start a solo trip with a known place that you are comfortable with and there you go,	0
 I just wanted to feel comfortable in one place and come out of my hidden fears.	1
 As comfortable as I want to be and as adventurous as I can be.	1
 I managed to walk all through gazing at the moon by telling thanks for shedding the light while I walked!	1
 somehow we managed to calm our mind,	1
decent dinner.	0
 The handicrafts are sold in different shops around India.	1
Later we had a relaxing breakfast in a decent rooftop restaurant.	1
 but properly maintained except few places.	1
Hotel Annamalai (Rs 650/-) was a place with basic facilities and Parking lot.	1
 A beautiful place with shops and market as also lodging facilities.	1
 A nearby Hotel named Sarovar was managed by a lady.	1
 There were lot of resorts/Home Stays in both sides of the road.	1
We reached KTDC Kumarakom Resort (Rental Rs.	1
 There were several small-sized canals within the area and canal view rooms (which we originally booked and less costly) were located by the side of the canal.	1
 amenities and luxurious arrangements of the boat.	1
Night buffet dinner at the resort was quite costly (Rs.	1
 Walking into the huge garden within the resort was enjoying experience.	0
 with dining table luxurious sofa-sets,	1
 We were disappointed but there was no other choice.	1
 equipped with all facilities expected in a star hotel.	0
 Large no of shops were visible in that area selling varieties of food items,	1
We also crossed the other side of the river and hired bikes to 'monkey' temple with its 600 steps to the top.	1
For one of the days we hired a taxi for a visit to Bandipur National Park for a tiger safari.	1
Reached Kudle Beach resort by 2pm with a couple of breaks.	1
 It was a lovely resort with an awesome view of the Kudle beach.	1
Bang opposite the resort is a beautiful hillock.	1
Opposite the Kudle resort is a Shiva cave.	1
 we made it and after we claimed our luggage we found my brother-in-law amongst the throng of hired drivers looking for their patrons.	1
 We took a taxi from the airport to our hotel took about an hour and a half door to door.	1
 I had that thought about 20 minutes earlier as our cab driver had passed 15 people,	1
 Apparently its the more remote resorts such as retreats in the jungle somewhere away from any other hint of civilisation.	1
 We somehow managed to find a train leaving the following day and booked it straight away.	1
 toast and a free taxi to the train station - all on the house.	1
 We did manage to take some adorable pictures though.	1
After lots of picture taking and as much sun exposure that we could manage we walked back towards the boat jetty.	1
What really surprised us when talking to him was that although he has managed to forge a way of life for himself and even his siblings,	1
 The lodge is at the end of a 200 metre dirt driveway from the main road,	1
 making for a very spooky walk to the nearby resort hotel for dinner and back again.	1
 we only then saw the other buffalo hidden in the bushes to the left getting read to charge us - jumping around in a circle and snorting like crazy.	1
 The fact that I was not so alone in the hotel did make the second night a bit easier to sleep through.	0
 Taking a taxi from Ooty to a tiny forest outpost called Singara around 30km away took me down from the hills again,	1
 a monkey tried to get inside the taxi but fortunately I had rolled the window up.	1
The taxi driver dropped me off in the jungle outpost “town”,	0
 the owner of the lodge I had booked into,	1
 I had booked myself into the lodge’s stunningly sited Tree House,	1
 not cheap – I consider it my “splurge” during this trip!	1
 including the luxury suite with its two bedrooms,	0
 I was disappointed with the rain,	1
 but certainly didn’t want to find myself having to run away from something only to fall face down into a muddy pool and have the thing catch up with me.	0
 both ready to charge at any minute,	0
 in the most wonderful and comfortable hotel with an array of fantastic hotel freebies including talc,	0
 from the comfort of my very own spare bedroom in my beautiful little house in Croydon.	1
 Hired vehicle and of course private vehicles.	1
 while on other side of Karwar district only Government Inspection Bunglow and some private shops were located.	1
 Had tea and small chat with shop-owner,	0
 Gradually we came nearer with Resorts and Cottages in between.	1
 Suddenly we observed that there was not enough “Charge” in our mobile.	1
 We forgot to charge our mobile last night.	0
 So the immediate requirement was to conserve the charge remaining in the mobile as much as possible.	0
 including many volunteers and travellers passing through,	0
 The rent is cheap (200 rps plus some volunteer work per day) and so I worked a bit now and then on digging a pool,	1
 The first time I met some people volunteering at Buddha Garden who invited me to join them the following Monday.	1
 There was also a big meeting (about 200 attendees) I attended where people discussed the issue of building a road through a place called Pony Farm.	1
The next day I met up with some Buddha Garden people at one of the lodging areas,	1
 Sadhana Forest is an all-vegan reforestation/restoration project with over 1000 volunteers per year.	1
 Haiti and another location in India) and then we watched the first part of a documentary on all kinds of issues mankind is experiencing nowadays.	1
The last day I hung out with Madi before the taxi showed up at the Youth Centre to take me away to the Pondicherry bus station.	1
 150 rupees to get to Mysore is not a whole lot of money so I took the taxi (which fit 10 people) and got to Mysore about 3 hours later.	1
 I thought of doing some sight-seeing in Mysore but touristing with my house on my back and lack of sleep didn’t seem like a fun idea so instead I went to a hotel where they had wifi and I could charge my laptop and phone.	1
 TV and internet cables,	1
 local shops ambience,	1
 feeding the micro-organisms in the soil and allowing other plants and animals and so on to live as well.	1
 We manage this despite a delay caused by the fact that the mobile phone signal is too weak to allow us to pay our bill by credit card and we have to scrabble around to see if we have enough to pay by cash instead.	1
 We encounter Mr H as we set out before breakfast to find an ATM to replenish our cash,	0
 and suggest to him that we hire an auto rickshaw driver to show us the way.	1
 but unfortunately that's not possible right now due to an unstable internet connection,	1
 I feel very comfortable here and have been considering the reasons.	0
We return to the lodge where the occupants of one very full jeep,	1
leave the lodge and set off for the hills in Wayanad,	0
We return to the lodge for breakfast and start the mega-task of downloading and editing the photos before heading out again at 3.	0
 We manage to get photos of a brilliant blue Indian kingfisher,	1
 She manages to render three roadside toilets (one in a petrol station and two in a hotel,	1
After six hours we roll into our lodge in Kabini,	0
 The number of visitors per day is limited so you don’t want to find you are staying in a nice lodge but cannot get into the park!	1
Carry with you adequate drinking water as no shops are available in most of the parts.	0
 The market place with miles forgotten shops which sold gold-silver jewellery in return of horses must have been splendid.	0
 Had my lunch in Kolhapur and after some shopping left for Pune.	1
 and I was amazed at the skill of the painters who’d managed to paint a cow in one of the frescos whose eyes and face literally followed you as you walked past it.	1
 so we settled in the hotel lobby with the free wifi and caught up on our travel notes.	1
 the wifi only worked in the lobby.	1
 As was the case in all the smaller shops and cafes we went to,	0
 you could be relegated to lying in your bunk very early in the journey rather than sitting comfortably until you’re ready to sleep.	0
 I packed a few layers of clothing and a warm jacket for when the aircon was cranked to ‘arctic’.	0
 we really enjoyed some extensive shopping experience.	1
 a really beautiful part of Bangalore: new shopping malls for the middle class,	1
 For lunch we managed to get a table in the famous and delicious Queen's Restaurant in Church Street.	1
 visited some of the little shops til we finally reached Krishnarajendra Market,	1
 a fantastic shopping street with small shops galore!	1
 The Thali is really good and cheap - but it is extremely spicy!	1
 We had to wait in a queue for 20 minutes but without much hassle and much pushing.	1
 food was decent and later we could sit along the river and enjoy the sound of frogs.	1
 But somehow we managed to find a local bus to Shravanabelagola.	1
 The whole trip set us back about 1 US$ per person one way - that looked like another really cheap day!	1
 This hotel is the only decent sleeping option here.	1
What a cheap an fulfilled day it was!	1
 Somehow we managed with 4-5 breaks in between.	1
 A must visit place in south India - all 3 destinations can be comfortably covered in a day's time.	1
 We arrived at the bus station in Hassan and were really surprised how clean and well organized this bus station is.	1
 We arrived in Halebid and quickly found the only decent hotel in this grab little town,	1
 as there was only one alternative: the Shree Lodge a few meters away.	1
 it was cheap (even though for the shithole we got,	0
 The lodge is about 10 years old,	1
 They had a huge and cheap room available.	1
 accomodation is sometimes a lottery while travelling.	1
 There is nothing to see in Hassan but it is ok for some cheap shopping.	1
 We did manage to see various wildlife,	0
 we managed to see a few black faced monkeys.	1
 I driver of the lodge took us there.	1
 After a wonderful lunch (I was feeling much better at that time) we went for a walk around the hills of the lodge before we enjoyed a nice bonfire.	1
 faster and easier to have our own driver than to take a riskshaw to town and a bus to Kushalnagar and another rickshaw to Bylakuppe.	1
 It is a beautiful and really well maintained temple.	1
 inside they'd managed to cram as many seats as a small airplane,	1
 which seemed reasonable until the last night when I noticed fucking cockroaches crawling all over the place!	1
Now to Thrissur to meet Anu (from the Raleigh project that I volunteered with last year)!	0
 450rs they hire a push iron (bicycle) for you,	1
 they did a decent job.	1
Next day I hire a push iron (bicycle for none northerners) 50rs for the day,	1
we cross a lawn between that we can see lots of foreigners with there kids and as always they charge more from them but later we found they also get good seats.	1
 We chose to stay way down South in Palolem and very pleased we did as it was a lovely quiet resort with a wonderful bay.	0
From Goa we flew to Bangalore (short 1hr 10min trip) and then took a cab onto Mysore which we'd expected to take 4 hours but had omitted to take into account the rush hour in Bangalore so ended up being nearly 6 hours.	1
 Fog is a luxury we can’t afford).	0
 but we managed to have fun; we thought we deserved it for all the walking we did.	0
 we shopped at Coorgh spices for tea,	0
 On the last beach in the row we hired a boat which took us to the beaches not easily accessible.	1
 We managed to spot some dolphins too in the ocean.	1
 I and Varun managed to get far ahead of Pawan and Imon and hence decided to take a detour onto a road which looked like going nowhere.	1
 Managed to find a cheap room for four of us.	1
 We hired at auto rickshaw driver who became our tour guide as well and took as around some temples and important places of the Madikeri town.	1
 I know the streets and some shops where I have become a regular customer give me a sense of safety.	1
 expensive supermarket for local standards but a must for western comfort food) so I finally made a delicious pork and fennel pasta topped with Granda Padano and plan to cook goat soon,	1
 Something all people must know is the rickshaw and taxi guys see foreigners as an easy pass to getting free stuff.	0
 a main branded shopping street in Bangalore when a cabbie approached me,	0
 you will not be charged a fortune,	0
 and ladies if you are not comfortable with someone you don't know touching your breasts I do not recommend this.	0
 Never travel in a cab or rickshaw without the metre.	0
 extreme comfort worn throughout the places I visited.	0
 They stepped outside of their comfort zones and inspired me,	1
 a more comfortable sleeping/shower option and then we head to her parents place to meet them.	1
 This temple seemed to have preserved better and the grounds were really well maintained with greenery and a garden surrounding it.	1
 my escort leads me straight on to the road where we are walking amongst the taxi traffic,	1
 After finally getting ushered to the cab rank and getting in the cab we are off in to the extremeness of the traffic.	1
 I'm feeling like I can cope with this forgetting that I am cushioned from the real environment of the city in his luxury car and his knowledge of were to go (he took me to a palace for lunch,	0
 but by the time a rickshaw driver with decent english finally pointed me to the right road,	1
 on the way I ask the internet shop man about getting a dongle,	1
 but first I am given the Wifi code and an internet dongle now,	1
 we also looked at lots of pictures on the internet and decided we had to go if we were near it.	1
 shopping bag full if cooked rice,	1
 We bargained down a decent room which had a roof terrace so we could watch the sunset over one of the main temples which was pretty much on our door step.	1
 we followed what we thought was the path- there were arrows but we still managed to take the wrong arrow ending up in someones back garden!	1
 Finally after asking about 5 taxi drivers and arguing over 50p and 1pounds (it's the principle) we got moving to the main shopping area for some air con action and 'stuff'.	0
 Some Indian youths were spotted disporting themselves in the pool this afternoon.	0
 the good news is that the hotel is clean and the room comfortable (though it is a shame that there is an external light pointing straight into our bedroom through the exceedingly thin curtains).	0
 but instead wander back to the car through the numerous stalls selling trays of fruit and flowers for temple offerings and a range of cheap plastic toys and souvenirs.	1
 We were elbowed aside brutally in the queue to buy a ticket,	1
 we joined a long winding queue of visitors.	0
 internet in the room and a good restaurant.	0
 all ridiculously attired in one way or another and exchanging a polite “good morning” in some sort of show of solidarity in the face of adversity (etiquette has to be maintained you know).	1
 an invitation from a fierce looking transvestite to enter her shop which is politely declined,	1
 The young things who were hanging out in the cafe were lounging on comfortable cushions and mats on the floor,	0
 he correctly surmising we would not have been very comfortable on the floor.	1
 After splurging £3 on lunch we fill in the rest of the time by drifting round the shops selling clothing for backpackers and leather goods that will stink the place out when you get them home and realise they have not been properly cured.	0
 Along the way we see Western tourists toiling up hills on bicycles or risking life and limb on hired motorbikes.	0
 not a mere resort but a heritage village,	0
 recommended to us by our guide at Hyderabad and charging a modest £9 for three hours.	1
 The mystery of the white rabbit resolved itself when the manager appeared clutching two tiny brown rabbits by the scruff of their necks and proceeded to feed them milk.	1
 We gave up at that point and took comfort in beer.	1
 The management do not even bother to check us out,	1
” sorry to disappoint) is a cluster of temples built from the 5th to the 8th centuries.	0
We lingered in the comfort and luxury of the Falaknuma for as long as we could this morning,	0
 which would once have been the main shopping street,	1
 handily located above a clothing store and a shop selling TVs.	1
 The manager offered to bring hot water upstairs by the bucket load but somehow that didn’t seem like much of a solution.	1
Every house or shop has a little shrine area.	0
 I spent much time warning him that the satellites could fall from the sky and the Internet could breakdown whilst happily following his GPS I Phone and using his various apps to help me identify various onward travel options.	1
 I have a decent Interweb connection in my new place so I can spend some much needed time looking at the logistics of a trip up there.	0
 with this superfast Internet connection I hope to make amends.	1
 I really like train travel and its all so comfortable and well organized.	1
 shops selling everything from clothes to leather goods and jewelry and of course bakeries selling western style munchies.	1
 The sunset did not disappoint either except for the few too many other people who came as well.	1
 I was up before sunrise the chai shops were already crancking up so of course I had one to start the morning.	1
 found a cheap homestay for us a bit out of town: the Rooftop Retreat.	1
 Back in town it was time for a late lunch before we did some big shopping which was good fun and we made some really good deals concerning clothes.	1
We are still swanning around in luxury; lovely Thai dinner last night,	1
 crisp clean sheets and thick luxury towels- oh so mmmmmmmm.	1
Shopping was great and it was back to the lap of luxury!	1
 we decided we would like a decent hotel before we left India so we talked to a local who recommended the Oberoi.	1
 wanted to buy cheap saris for all 15 girls in her class.	1
 There was some difficulty in connecting with the other half of the group who had been to the markets.	1
 is a very beautiful place which I had been waiting to explore since quite sometime now which finally we (me and my husband) managed to plan it in December 2013 from 21st to 25th.	0
 hired a rick which charged us around 180Rs to drop us till Virupaksha temple.	1
We hired a bike for all the 4 days and thoroughly enjoyed our stay.	1
 Hiring a bike gave us the flexibility of reaching a place at our pace and not being bothered.	1
 Bike is charged abt 200Rs per day and 100 Rs/liter petrol.	1
We had hired a guide for few hours to show us around Vitthala temple ,	1
 In the city you occasionally pass the luxury car in your auto-rickshaw,	1
 he had a woman housekeeper who cooked and served the most delicious food,	0
 The journey wasn't the most comfortable as it was hairpin bend after hairpin bend and lots of overtaking going on,	1
 David was disappointed that Europeans don't barter,	0
 he came with us and after we had looked at the obligatory tourist shop went to a local place and he stood back whilst Col bartered and he was dead impressed!	0
 Later Sal had a hawker selling ankle bells which was not on the shopping list but it's all a game,	1
 Shopping is a big deal in India and here the smart shops mixed with the more traditional shops,	1
 But the shops beckon.	1
 Yet another invites us into his shop filled with drums,	1
 Children with pails playing in the pools between rocks the sea forgot to take back.	1
 I did not bother to queue to see inside the temple or to get a free darshan (the lines were too long).	1
 we started at 11 AM as check-in @ resort would be at 2 PM.	0
 My conviction got further strengthened as we could maintain an average speed of 60+ for first half an hour or so (close to Sullya).	1
 ‘swimming pool’ in the after-noon,	1
 and we managed to reach on time.	1
 We were back at the resort at about 1:30 PM as 1 piece each after the first adventure.	1
Kids had the urge to immediately get into the swimming pool after lunch,	1
 We went to the swimming pool at about 4 PM and there was little drizzle and water was freezing cold.	1
 Anagha swam in the 4 FT pool and I tried my ‘once in a year’ kind of swimming attempt.	1
 Residents of the resort were split into 2 teams and mostly ‘bollywood’ based quiz was conducted.	1
 From each team volunteers were called up to answer questions.	1
 The return trek was easier than the forward as we were walking down the known path,	1
 Now we had to rush back to the resort before the start of evening activity.	1
 With some shopping on the way back,	1
At the bus station the taxi driver told me ''It's that bus''.	1
 I just made myself comfortable and ready for bed.	1
 There is a frequent boat/coracle service which charges 10/50 rupees per trip respectively.	1
 This temple is indeed of much interest and worth taking a guide who charges 150 rupees.	1
 You can take a ride on the electrically operated vehicle which drops you at the gate side and charges 10 rupees each passenger.	1
One could also include Thanjavur in the itinerary which is known as the granary of South India due to its extensive paddy growing fields which are a feast for the eyes'As regards accomodation at Kumbakonam one can pick and choose an accomodation suited to one's budget.	1
 so hired one,	1
 we got down from the cab for an early morning photo-shoot near some estate gate.	1
 we got down from the cab as we could not see anything in the front.	1
) we were anticipating soon we have to come out of the cab and push it from behind,	0
 and Swamy sat in the cab only in towel,	0
 A young lady from the small shop made tea for us from her house just behind the shop,	0
 Again we got into the cab and later realized I was wearing the same pullover.	1
 but we were so disappointed to hear from the localities that the trek tem with the guide had left an hour before we reached.	0
 The disappointment of the trek miss throgh amazing kudremukh hills faded a bit after the food.	0
 Hanumana Gundi Falls is managed and maintained by forest department of the state government.	1
 we were disappointed to learn that most people that come here for the Yoga was on a month training basis etc and there were generally specific dates that courses started on.	1
 We all got comfortable in our seats and I remember thinking to myself how dry my eyes were and so thankful I had taken out my contacts.	0
 so I sent the Program Manager a text that I was through and fine.	1
 It is a global research center - facility for 300 ppl,	1
 Good thing these were cheap shoes I had originally intended on throwing away.	1
 There we had presentations from couple of people and were given a tour of the Testing facility - pretty sweet to see all the latest and greatest tablets,	1
Intel’s mission is to create computing technology to make life easier for everyone on the globe.	1
 thus copying the McDonald’s model of fast and cheap service.	1
 Some other things they showed me were where the gardens used to be and some of the good places to shop – not that I would get there,	1
 We left for the training facility and it was part of a sprawling over 100 acre property where the corporate office used to be.	1
 I was sharing my room with another manager and she arrived in the middle of the night and scared me out of my wits.	1
 Needless to say everyone on board was scared but the second time round we managed to land.	0
 We were staying at the Orange County and had a lovely villa all to ourselves with a pool at the back.	1
 We had a tough time organising the event at Garuda Mall and altercations with the management occurred before we could proceed again.	1
 I shopped a bit at the Home Stop and at Garuda Mall and we stayed over at my colleague's place at Richmond Road.	0
 The food of Chokhi Dhani which we always use to talk about which is very famous in Jaipur maintained the same standard and taste in Bangalore also.	1
Now you must be thinking that how costly could this Chokhi Dhani could be?	1
 Not at all costly guys,	1
 they have very nominal charges in which you get not only food but get to see really nice dances and activities.	1
I arrived mid afternoon and got into a taxi and headed out to my guesthouse.	1
 Obviously being the way here the taxi driver took me saying he knew where it was when he didn’t.	1
 After a phone call to the guesthouse I waited for a couple of minutes with the taxi driver and a bloke on a motorbike turned up to take me to the right place.	0
 Flocks of taxi and auto-rickshaw drivers asking me where I wanted to go etc.	0
 I always manage to pick absolute planks to drive me about.	0
 It was about 36 degrees and very humid but I managed a good 3 hours walking around town before I felt knackered.	1
 It seems a lot easier place to be when you have company.	0
 where we were stuck on the tarmack for three hours because of technical difficulties with the plane.	1
 She arranged for her friend George who was a friend of a friend who knew somebody who had a membership at the catholic club which was basically like a YMCA with a pool and cheap food.	0
The next day we hired a taxi driver to take us to Mysore,	1
 Cheap as chips,	1
 balancing headphone parties and fire dancing/poy on the beach with trying to find internet occasionally to let people know we were alive or finish final papers and assignments,	1
 I will work with HIV positive patients and health workers to investigate issues associated with the side effects of taking anti-retroviral drugs.	0
 In my haste I managed to fall over the doorway and slice my toe at which point the very lovely security man leapt at the opportunity to christen his first aid kit and doused my wound with not one,	0
 There was a queue (which actually seemed to function as a queue) looping round the entire building.	1
 After a fun half hour of shoving in the refund ‘queue’ we found out there is another bus at 11.	0
 We were rewarded by a rooftop pool; lady kit containing essentials such as toothpaste,	1
 I somehow managed to zonk out whilst riding in a Cambodian tuk-tuk for goodness' sake!	1
My first observation of Indian roads was that drivers use their horns more than any other function on their cars/autos/mopeds.	1
 The aim was to pick up an SD card reader for my iPad from the Apple shop on MG (Mahatma Ghandi) Road since the non-Apple one I bought in Singapore only served to slow down the device's performance.	0
 you have go on the old airport road for about 4kms till you find a shopping complex called “Total Mall” (earlier called Kids Kemp).	1
 Free entry may have a long queue (as below) and may take about an hour depending on the crowd.	1
While standing on a long queue you will come across about hundred shops on both of your side.	0
 Shops selling idols of God and other pooja/ religious items.	1
After the queue you will find the ticket counter.	1
 You will find a lot of shops on the exit route too.	1
 Once in Shivaratri (2006) I stood on the queue in the evening and had darshan of the lord at 2 O’clock after standing for about 8 hours.	1
 Thankfully there is a Jet counter at the entrance to the airport & we get a copy free (as she is sooooo nice) - they decide not to charge her the Rs 100 usual fee for dorks who forget such things.	0
35pm) early which is great and then luckily we bump into a Czech guy (Michael from Prague) who’s also looking to take a pre-paid cab to Mamallapuram.	1
 So we share the cost (Rs 1280) and the cab gets us there in an hour and a half.	1
We find a really small book shop and discover that they are selling the new LP India Guide – second hand for Rs 500 – bargain and we are back in business.	1
 We only went there really for the “cheap” beer (at Rs 180 it isn’t cheap at all but there’s no bottle shop nearby so needs must!	1
Internet here is great value at Rs 30 per hour and really fast so we catch up with family & friends and spend a happy two hours uploading our last three blogs.	1
 We do most of the sites early in the morning and late afternoon when it’s more comfortable as it’s incredibly hot and humid here; we think only Palenque in Mexico was more sweat inducing.	1
 Aditya has managed to get us 1st class tickets,	0
We dine at Kebab Corner after a few cheap beers at a local bar.	1
 dates etc – and sold in just about all general shops along the streets.	0
 plenty of snack stands and all the facilities you would expect.	1
 There are hundreds of Hotels that have small eating places (veg or non-veg) but very few decent restaurants.	1
 The place is well maintained as it’s still private.	1
The surrounding garden and area is also well maintained and there are a variety of Temples at corners of the outer perimeter and very grand gateways on each side.	1
 It looks well-kept and managed; there is significant investment in new areas being prepared for the animals.	1
 Be prepared to queue a bit,	1
 The public “pay as you use” Toilets which seem to be all over the South charge C Rs 3 and M only 2?	0
 The 40km journey to the airport is on the Vayu Vajra A/C Bus – a special airport shuttle which costs Rs 195 each compared to the Rs 770 quoted by the Prepaid Taxi stand at the railway station.	1
Other activities are also organized such as thanks giving to elderly couples completing 50 years of marriage,	1
 People have to stand on a long queue (picture below).	1
 the length of the queue increases as the time become closer to car festival.	0
 the law and order is maintained by a large number of police.	0
 having shops and businesses,	1
 Mary’s basilica is a 300 years old Church and organizing daily prayers.	1
 Some people say that there was boating facility in the lake,	1
 We managed fine,	1
 one of the main eating/shopping areas in town.	1
 we bought some famous Mysore pak from the well known Guru Sweet Shop across the street.	1
 or perhaps because they have more immediate issues to concern themselves with.	1
 we walked around window shopping and ate lunch at a great little restaurant we found with generously portioned thalis and delicious homemade ice cream.	0
 our wonderful hosts served us fresh papaya along with chai and cookies (which they didn’t charge us for) and sat down to talk with us for awhile.	1
 Maybe one day he can come to the UK and see that I can manage fine alone,	1
 managing a house,	1
 After we were checked in and shown around we were given a couple of hours to settle in and use the pool etc,	1
In the evening we ate by the pool with Abhi,	1
 They have made the lodges very rustic and have kept the landscape as natural as possible.	1
 Staying in this beautiful resort almost makes you forget that you are in India.	1
 I have asked Abhi how he markets his resorts and he is working solely on word of mouth.	1
 I would recommend this place to anybody visiting Karnataka who wants a bit of luxury after staying in traditional £3 a night hotels and lodgings.	1
 Organic Department and Soil Scientists.	1
 This was very disappointing for me and I think India and the UK need to encourage youth to stay in rural areas and provide job opportunities which benefit the whole community.	1
 it's almost as if they want to look after you and give you a comfortable ride.	0
 The school manages to seek these children out and educate them in the most basic of things,	1
 but very good to see how much local Rotary clubs are managing to achieve.	1
 After an afternoon of shopping for silks,	1
I then had the opportunity to speak to a member of staff about some of the issues that healthcare services in England face and I was told that there are some similarities.	1
 Patients can contact relevant hospital staff directly by telephone 24/7 and any issues are looked into straight away.	0
 I haven’t quite managed to get the full picture of healthcare services so I may have to come back!	1
 They also say that students have much higher expectations when it comes to facilities and lots of welfare measures have recently been introduced for students and staff.	0
 They also bring up the topical international visa issue which has been rumbling in UK universities.	1
 She was supported by the school and the Rotarians and she has even managed to overcome some of her medical conditions.	1
 His son is the owner of India's largest coffee shop chain,	1
We were also shown Ganghia's son's very smart resort hotel,	1
 it does not experience the same issues as government-run hospitals.	1
Angie and Emily are staying with a family who own a coffee estate and have built up an empire of coffee shops called Cafe Coffee Day.	1
 I managed to cobble something together.	1
 I think that the one disappointment for me is the young girls with babies and children who are begging us for money.	1
 If they see a queue they will simply drive past without stopping.	0
 swimming pool and even shops,	0
 we are given a lodge to relax in.	1
 one of the monkeys got a bit too close to Angie for comfort and started hissing,	1
 They have managed to save 15%!	0
 It seems to me that we don’t see enough Indian coffee on our shop shelves and yet there are many benefits the coffee grown here could be sold for i.	1
 After the tour we got the chance to meet the Managing Director and I didn’t stop firing questions at him!	0
 There is also a push here in India to increase the size of organic land as well as encourage biogas plants and bio-digester systems.	1
Lack of wifi here means we can’t keep you all up to date as much as we would like.	1
 Some of us have it in some homes and others don’t so we are trying our best to use open networks in malls and shops when we get a moment.	0
 At the end of the tour we get to take a look around the silk shop to admire the saris,	0
 We are all a bit like kids in a sweet shop looking through the beautiful colours and designs.	1
Next stop is Silent Shores Resort where we have lunch.	1
 This is by far the nicest resort I have seen in India and it’s not hard to see why this place attracts international tourists.	1
 It looks just like a Caribbean resort except the swimming pool and bar are deserted!	1
 I still manage to wake up at 8am!	1
 We are staying at the Mysore Sports Club for two nights and we even manage to get to the local mall to do some shopping and use the wifi to update the blog.	1
 I think one of the hardest parts about being away is the lack of internet access.	1
 I saw state-of-the-art equipment and facilities and was impressed with an intensive care unit where each patient had their own room and nurse.	0
lovely Tibetan restaurant and when I ask for the wifi code it is freetibet2013.	1
The one disappointing thing about India is the rubbish which lines every street and roadside.	1
environmentally friendly farm retreat which is still trying to establish a reputation as a family resort which is sustainable in every way.	0
 The food we eat is organic too and cooked on traditional fire stoves.	1
 I catch 40 winks after lunchtime most days when we are travelling from place to place and today I have managed to curl up like a cat on the bus and have a couple of hours sleep on our long and bumpy (Indian roads are amazing!	1
 I managed to join Punit’s mum and dad for breakfast and they gave me a beautiful gift to send me on my way.	1
 Preeth has me converted and I manage to enjoy a whiskey and apple juice.	1
 How he manages this I have no idea.	1
 The shopping with Rupal afterwards makes up for this and I spend what seems like a fortune (but is actually next to nothing) on 100% silk scarves,	1
 I try lots of different dishes and even manage to sneak in some wine and an amazing chocolate brownie.	1
 I do understand when they take us downstairs to the cake shop and ask us to pick anything.	1
 especially when we don’t have wifi to keep updating it!	1
 I also learn about how the university interacts with the community and discover that staff here have the same communication issues as we do at our UK universities.	0
 but we won't let Angie be in charge of the presentation clicker again!	0
As ever here in India there has been LOTs of food and I managed to have 5 meals today!	0
 He is experimenting with multiple cropping systems to get maximum yield from his crops and efficient use of water and land.	1
 We did of course manage mains,	1
 shopping malls and people immaculately dressed n bright and expensive clothes.	1
 After leaving the temple and visiting some shops selling many idols,	1
 So I race outside the train station and got a taxi to get me to the connecting station.	1
 I've also managed to break into Di's to rescue her computer.	1
 My nerves were nowhere near as bad as I thought they would be and I managed to say goodbye to everybody without any tears!	1
The kind moustasted man with the newspaper sign with my name splet wrong probably made it a little easier last time,	1
 bewildered and praying not to be ripped off i threw on my pack and walked into the crowd of taxi men,	1
about the issues of violence,	0
 We stayed across the river from the main town and after a 9 hour bus journay and a 13 hour train journey we were gladly met by the first person who offered us accomodation across the river.	0
By the time we knew that’s typical Resort business strategy,	1
 after finishing heavy resort meals,	0
00 in the morning from the resort room,	1
 still I managed to capture with my Canon digital.	1
 good cheap accommodation and excellent food.	1
 In fact new 3G phones with their internet access are commonplace which may explain the dearth of public wifi; really it is almost non-existent,	1
 shops and guesthouses.	0
 These certainly aren’t must-visit destinations (indeed Trichy is down-right expensive: cheap lodges shooed us away as soon as we approached),	1
 second class sleepers with two or three tiers of bunks; second class seats and finally (and most certainly a last resort) wooden-benched third class seats.	0
 always declining his offers of cheap prices to the sights (it’s actually a good hearty walk to Chamundi hill for its panoramic views over the city).	0
 on hearing how we could earn him in excess of 400 rps commission and a new jacket (standard rickshaw issue) at no cost to ourselves we felt compelled to return the favour.	1
his cousin’s taxi (for impressive arrivals) and convincing touristic buying-heads on,	0
 but is still an independently functioning town and definitely retains soul.	1
 only local flop-houses that patently would not have been either secure or safe – located near the train station was surrounded by wine shops and grotty bars (many so grim that even we would not consider patronage) and by mid-afternoon the streets were littered with prone drunks.	1
 we did take advantage of Goa’s cheap alcohol and purchased 6 small bottles of Old Monk which we know will prove invaluable for upcoming dry States such as Gujarat.	0
 Failure to produce a license (easily obtained from the bottle shop if you are aware of the necessity) can result in fines and/or confiscation.	1
 The room we took in Bijapur was tiny with peeling walls and the odd cockroach (no problems with that at all),	0
and dirt cheap special thalis.	0
 although both Laos and Cambodia (and Malaysia’s duty-free LangKawi) have notably cheap brews; Indonesia and Sri Lanka for their variations on palm and rice wines – the latter in particular for the ambiance of the drinking experience.	0
 you are forced to either face the issue or determine it is negligable the next day and move forward.	1
 and we managed to pull through.	0
 and I have no intention of disappointing (I know you all must be sitting at the edge of your seats,	1
 I was disappointed to find it completely different from Kevin's.	1
 then cross the river by boat because there is no functioning bridge in the area.	0
 the hotel that we arbitrarily picked from the guidebook in the frenzy of being followed turned out to be recently demolished.	0
 and although the shop owners were very vocal in asking us to look at their wares,	0
I stumbled upon my favorite little shop toward the end of the afternoon.	1
 The shop keeper was very good at it,	1
 with your humble correspondent feeling sick as a dog in a Goa resort town.	1
 and jumped a taxi for the hour long drive back to Dabolim airport.	1
 and then jumped a further taxi for the long drive into town.	1
and jumped a taxi back to the airport.	1
 It was left to our friend's from Mumbai's unregistered taxi industry to administer a final kick up the arse before leaving the country,	1
 and they kept pressing the issue with rapid fire talking.	0
 I maintained my rage all the way to Colombo,	0
 busy with people at the last minute shopping for groceries,	0
 as there is no ATM machine at the bank.	1
 My seat in particular had a nice reclining function; except,	0
 the mechanism wasn't functioning properly,	1
 while my colleagues maintain that it was a mix of.	0
 The ""resort"" we stayed at had absolutely magnificant grounds.	1
Years back in 2003 I saw this wall poster of a white Lord Shiva statue in one of the Kodak Shop in Puchong,	1
 It was an amazing picture I ever saw and I asked the owner of the shop where about is this place.	1
 I don't even know this God at all or his name so it was kind of difficult for me to search him in the internet those days.	1
""""" a 100ft-by-40ft green pool of water sunk about 40 feet down into the ground,"	1
 and Bala had told me a couple days ago that they did it to call taxis or tease girls.	1
 which is a pretty decent price (about $4).	0
It only took two shopping trips,	1
 but we managed to get ourselves in an orderly,	1
 Sumedha and myself were able to go shopping for saris.	1
We wandered into a jewlelry shop first,	1
 I was surprised that we could just take the earrings off the wall of the shop and try them on and put them back,	1
 so we wandered down the street until we found a shop that looked promising.	1
 In that first shop we went to they catered more to the everyday people,	1
 We wandered to the back of the shop to look at kurtis,	1
Once we finally got out of that shop (we all kept looking at kurtis) we wandered down the street again until we saw another sari shop.	1
 The shop owner told us we could only try on a sari if we were likely to buy it,	1
 At the time I figured it'd be easier to just buy a blouse ready-made,	0
The next shop we wandered into because they sold petticoats,	1
Our next shop ended up being out last sari shop.	1
 The overall feeling of the shop was more high-end than that of the second,	1
 I was interested to see that in this shop the lady helping Fae with her saris offered her opinion on the choice of fabric color,	1
 The shop had a tailor who worked nearby come over to arranged making the blouses out of the extra sari fabric,	1
 the tailor led us to his shop about two blocks away that was tucked into a sketchy back alley that made us a bit nervous when he first led us down.	1
 The shop was about 10"" deep and 6"" wide,	0
 when the bill came he had added extra charges and the two Indian girls had to heckle (again) to get him to drop the price a bit.	1
 We quickly stopped in a last shop to buy leggings for me,	0
 as long as we'd go to a shop afterwards for only 5 minutes.	1
 Apparently the shop had a deal with the auto driver that if he got people to go to the shop for 5 minutes they'd give him a coupon for 100 Rs and a t-shirt.	1
 super-cheap restaurant in the Kamat Hotel (I think.	0
 since I was shopped out and also hadn't figured out what souveniers I wanted to get for what people,	1
 Something really funny happened in the shop: I kept looking at a variety of trinkets as possible souveniers for people but with no intention to buy.	0
 Just after we had left the curio shop I thought our auto driver was acting strangely,	0
 Turns out these guys just worked for a silk seller and their method of getting business was for shopping foreigners (and perhaps Indians as well) to make an unscheduled stop.	0
 along with brown outs and grey outs--since my internet bugged out at that time,	0
 a few were comfortable enough to spill the beans: for sure,	0
 I went to a shop a few blocks away for photos I would need for FRRO registration (see: Papers Please).	1
 who was charging just as ridiculous a rate (30 rps ); if they were going to steal from me,	1
 This poses a bit of a logistical issue for someone not familiar with the city.	0
 though it is not very luxurious by American standards.	0
 we managed to get through immigration without a fuss,	0
 it seems that one does not queue up in India.	1
 Things are cheap here: the sandwich and water cost less than 200 Rs (rupees) which is around $3,	0
 and the guy at the coffee shop even heated them up in the microave,	1
 The drive was very comfortable in the highway.	1
 they offered us to take to a great market place in Mysore were we can shop as long as we want and he will wait outside for us.	1
Mysore is a great place for shopping silk items and Sandal products.	1
 Taxi driver,	1
 but disappointed to see a small shop which wasn't worth the drive at all.	1
 the guide had said the factory is open only on Tuesdays for visitors but we learnt from the shop that it is open for all any day.	0
 They all came to me on my cab ride from the airport to my apartment.	0
 security in Doha was efficient (you get to keep your shoes on your feet!	1
 I started searching for some kind of ""managed farmland"" where someone else will take care of all the work and we just need to spend our time with plants and pets.	1
• Divine Euphoria is a resort-cum-farm land.	1
 There are lot of common facilities like library,	1
 even though it has all facilities of a resort.	1
 They have a restaurant and most modern amenities you see in luxury villages.	1
 we decided to go by a taxi instead of driving myself.	1
• No internet connection.	1
 The registration charges were Rs 450/- per person for all three days,	0
 We saw a queue for the breakfast and got into the queue.	1
We had to make queues for breakfast and bathrooms.	1
 we had to stand on long queues for food.	0
The lunch queue was longer than the previous days (probably there were more participants on the last day).	0
 but there were endless queues near each food counter.	0
 Some wise foodies like me were taking the food plate and standing immediately in the queue near repeat counter,	0
 It seemed to me a small town with very basic facilities available.	0
 This part of Karnataka is enriched with coffee and pepper plantation and most of the homestays or resorts are either ‘an old estate’ or a part of it converted to a homely accommodation for tourists.	0
‘Only one lodge here to the right.	1
I walked back to the same shop and asked for ‘reason’.	1
 I managed to get hold of ‘The Chilligeri Estate’.	1
 So to bring them to the comfort level,	1
 I wasn't sure what kind of accomodation they would have for us.	1
 so he took us to a resort just outside the city limits.	0
 and we managed to squeeze 6 of us in to his tiny compact surprisingly comfortably.	1
 He took us to his family home where we transfered into a much larger car which could accomodate all of us,	0
The resort was gorgeous.	1
 with resort amenities like a fitness club,	1
 We were especially taken by the pool because it has been so hot here and our hotel in Bangalore doesn't have one.	1
 it was pool time!	1
 While Sagar napped (well deservedly) on the pool deck,	1
 time sensitive Scout documents to review and a number of issues for school to deal with.	1
 We had planned to hire a car to go to Bandipur National Park to do a wildlife safari this day after failing to make it happen on Friday,	0
 It's hard to phone a cab becasue we don't have cell numbers which they require,	1
 EVENTUALLY she secured a cab to take her,	0
***Note: I wrote this days ago (Saturday morning) but haven't had internet access since,	1
The internet seems to have cut out (good bye 100 rupees) so I’ll write this entry in Word and hopefully I can upload it later.	0
 but we had a decent view.	0
 (food has not been an issue on this trip!	1
 This time we weren’t going to mess around with cabs – we just walked up to the road and grabbed some rickshaws.	1
 We managed to score a round table at the side though,	0
 and she had offered to help us book a car to take us to a National Park just outside of town since we had such difficulty arranging transportation.	1
 They charge 1300/- per person for day trip and much more for night halts.	1
 accommodation is available at Bheemeswari Jungle lodges which is expensive and not worth for people who can return back on the same day.	1
 The big hiccup for me was the lack of internet access in Frankfurt during our stopover.	0
 what major airports don't have internet access these days?	0
 conducting interviews for a hiring committee,	0
 We had two cars: one was driven by a hired driver but Sagar drove the other one himself.	1
 The other issue was that without an Indian mobile (cell phone) we have a terrible time communicating with anyone.	1
 Much texting was going on through a web-based text service because Anjali had wifi at the Bangalore airport,	0
 but we were paying for wifi by the hour at our hotel.	1
 Eventually Anjali just worked up the courage to take a taxi by herself to the hotel.	0
 He wanted us to pay to hire him for 4 hours,	1
 It turns out that was a bit of a miscommunication and now we know the difference between a metered taxi and hiring a driver.	1
 The hotel clearly has a vested interest in hiring cars because they constantly push us to get them,	0
 We texted the driver's mobile number to Kamini before we left the wifi zone of the hotel,	0
 The boys went shopping while us girls went off to a little local salon that Kamini knows well.	1
From there we swung by an Indian clothing shop because I wanted to get an Indian outfit for the engagment party that night.	1
 Kamini said the shop we were going to had really well priced stuff so it would be a quick win.	1
 but they were serving important functions and they couldn't be given up.	1
 I managed to find one straight pin and a small ""BEAVERS CANADA"" pin with a safety pin style back.	1
 hotel manager replied.	1
 I walked further ahead and found that entire campus was huge and maintained with utmost creativity and serenity.	1
 We stayed in a resort which was beyond our expectations.	1
 Your Dandeli hotel would invariably arrange for a pickup at a small cost or local taxis are available just outside both Londa or Karwar station for Dandeli.	1
Our booking was at Kali Adventure camp run by Jungle Lodge & Resorts and was for riverside facing tents.	1
 Gives you fairly an adventurous atmosphere without sacrificing the comforts we city people are accustomed to!	1
 Rafting charges are not included in the hotel package and currently the rate is Rs 1300 per person.	1
 Charges Rs 500 for it,	0
Its late evening by the time you come back to the resort but a nice surprise awaits you there,	0
 the resort is not in deep jungle as one expects it to be and second it is bit overpriced for the kind of facility and food offered (Rs 2,	1
 The counter got us extremely reasonable priced excellent taxi for further 5 days trip.	1
Tip : You can get very cheap rates at Kulgi forest camp (Rs 400 per night) but it is actually nowhere deep in the forest,	1
 Got a good rate from the resort for a Ford Toofan ( a 10 seater) ,	1
 very spacious and comfortable vehicle,	1
 the guy charged us only Rs 7.	1
 The other side had lines of back packer resorts one after another,	1
 the room rates were much lower than next door resorts offering same kind of stuff.	1
 The standard rickshaw charges for a 3 hour ride around is Rs 350 – 400 and for a Tata Magic Rs 650 .	1
 climb down and back to the resort for a well deserved round of drinks and wonderful dinner,	1
 unfortunately the resort has only a beer license!	1
 Getting to Hampi on the hard plastic chair of the standard public bus for 10hrs had not been comfortable in any way so i thought it was an investment to get a nights sleep on the trip back to the coast.	0
 Although it went against every mental calculation I made we actually managed to fit 6 women (and all their rucksacks and daysacks) onto 1 auto-rickshaw for the journey.	0
 we ran into some car issues that took away the rest of the day.	0
If I manage to meet up with Natalie in Kerela!	0
 Buses from Bangalore to Hassan ply in every 10-15 minutes and depending upon the comfort level and your pocket size,	1
 Hassan is a district town with all the mondern facilities available.	1
 we found 'Hotel Soundarya Residency' fit within our budget and seemed a decent family hotel.	1
first place we stopped was a tea shop on the Chickmagalur-Kemmangudi road.	1
Ravi told us previously that we needed to hire a Jeep from Kemmangudi to drive further 15kms to reach Hebbe.	1
 Somehow we managed to grab a 'grip'.	1
 we maintained to walk down the stream.	1
 We stopped in a place at Attigundi for lunch and managed with steaming 'Chapathis and Chicken Masala'.	1
A taxi would cost Rs.	1
 There is no facility to stay there overnight.	1
 pyramid valley provides many facilities for free.	0
come into my shop"" echoes down the street and rickshaws crawl along beside you just in case after saying no five times you miraculously change your mind.	1
 lined with sari shops and spice sellers,	0
 It manages to balance perfect simplicity with the most elaborate detail and is far more beautiful than I had imagined.	1
 Jodhpur was much smaller and therefore more manageable than the other cities we had visited.	1
 The fort itself was also my favourite out of the many we saw in Rajathan because it was really well-maintained and there was a free audio-tour,	1
 we managed to book a ticket through our hostel for the following morning.	1
 we set off in a taxi to Nizamuddin Railway Station only to find that our train was departing in a month's time.	1
 I managed to find myself a fantastic waterproof,	0
 Sharing a bed with both my bags isn't the most comfortable but we have 3 more sleepers booked for South India so I better get used to it!	1
 There's so much more I could have written but I think that's probably enough for now as I'm in a very sweaty internet cafe (in Bangalore).	0
 Second come humans who can choose to be good or bad—issue of karma comes into this.	0
 nearly 2 years later – in an internet cafe,	0
30am and stopped on the edge of the city to admire the Malik-E-Maidan or in English the Monarch of the Plain an extremely large 55 tonne canon left to rust on one of the cities external walls before looking for a decent hotel room.	0
 We got down at the bus stop and hired an autorickshaw (tuk-tuk) and were charged Rupees 250 to take us the 12kms to the Turtle Bay beach resort.	1
 It was neat and comfortable and with the sound of the waves crashing against the rocks on the coast,	1
 The property's USP is the presence of rock boulders on the coast with crevices big enough for a person to walk-in and the resort is surrounded by fishing hamlets with boats neatly laid out.	1
 and so settled to shop for some beads (Pavi is crazy about beads) in the little shops that line almost every temple in India.	1
 hiring houseboats (beautiful and luxurious boats,	1
 but trust my word when I say the luxury costs as well).	1
 as we were told it is best to look for and hire a boat by yourself than to have an agency organise your trip around the backwaters.	0
 who was offering us a motor boat for a decent price,	0
 as I managed to ruin one of our torch lights and lose another one,	1
 it is clean and comfortable and within just a few minutes’ walk of the palace.	0
 we then went to a couple of expensive shops so the driver could get commissions,	1
 although it is gaudy and only a small portion is open to the public I then visited the shop where I purchased some souvenirs.	0
 the Hoysala were the dominant Hindu empire in this part of India for a number of centuries managing to fight of the Muslims off for a number of years before eventually being defeated,	1
On the way back to Hassan we stopped at a resort for lunch and decide to stay there the night rather than return to that ugly town.	1
 We arrived at the coffee shop and i chose a mangalore thali with the fish and chicken,	1
 my husband ordered a nasi goreng and after a little rest we left for sun and sand resort which was right on the beach.	1
 entry to the resort also came with snacks and we spent some time at the coffee shop overlooking the beach and viewed some of the rooms and then got into the water.	1
back to the hotel we packed and left our bags at the reception and sat in the coffee shop having club sandwiches and a beer.	1
 i also picked up a fridge magnet from the hotel shop and we left for the airport.	1
 at the airport i managed to find the hotel keys in my bag and called them and left them with the jet airways counter.	1
 The internet cafe only has five computers so if you haven't heard from your son/daughter yet it will be that they haven't had a chance to get in there yet,	1
 many of them saying the internet can wait until they get home!	0
 Coimbatore Railway Station has a variety of lodges and accommodation for nearly every type of traveler.	0
 it will be diligently and efficiently done ASAP.	1
 But if you do happen to book a room in one of these lodges opposite the Coimbatore railway station,	1
 cheap and hygienic food,	1
 Immediately a taxi driver came to us.	1
 of course he is a prepaid taxi driver,	1
 So we went to the pre paid taxi stand.	1
 The taxi driver joined us.	1
 I think thats why it is called ""prepaid"" 😊 Sepp was quite afraid when he saw how the taxi driver was driving.	1
 When we come to some shops our ride will be free.	1
 We went to a bike shop area and looked for a bicycle for Sepp.	1
 Although we tried several shops and areas where the people,	1
 He was very disappointed about that and was going away immediately.	1
We were in the cycle shop to get Sepps bike.	0
 I would have gone to the next shop I think,	1
 Sepp still wanted to stay at that shop and looked for a ready bike that costed much more.	1
 Respect to Sepp who managed to ride through the mega city with a new bike much luggage,	0
 It is so tasty and cheap and there are so many restaurants,	1
 We have heard of a resort where you can make boat trips on the backwaters.	1
 As we arrived there Sepp could see my face expressing panic because it was very luxurious and seemed to be very expensive.	1
 We should sit down on very luxurious seats at the reception.	0
 comfortable and very modern cinema.	1
 We didnt feel very comfortable with this statement!	1
 but got very disappointed by the crowd and the clouds.	0
 And with someone's generousity I managed a corner somewhere inside.	0
How to go : Rail/Bus : Nearest station is Chidambaram and from there need to take buses/taxis to Pichavaram which is just 15 kms.	1
 for example most of the people wondering the streets look like they are Auroville hardcore meditators (and Auroville hardcore pot smokers) and many of the hotels/hostels/shops in the city are owned by Auroville and staffed by Auroville devotees.	1
 restaurants with WIFI and for the girls (stereotypical but true) the touristy clothes,	1
 In the end they agreed to only charge 100 rps,	1
 a bit of cheap mayo and some warm cucumber seems like a real luxury.	1
 Kerala is a wealthy state with low levels of poverty and we had been staying in small touristy resorts which were somewhat disconnected from the day to day life of ordinary Indians.	1
 We were pretty sure drink would be cheap here given the owners obviously weren’t paying much for the upkeep of the premises,	1
 this greedy **** was trying to charge us 225rps per beer which is more than we paid for beer in Indigo one of Mumbai’s best and most expensive restaurants.	1
 It must be tough in these situations to maintain your professionalism,	0
 it did however have pretty decent views over the city,	0
 rickshaws and cheap tat traders who were making an unholy amount of noise on the outskirts of the complex.	1
30am and were checked out and in a cab to the airport by 3.	0
 On arrival we checked in Ruth's bags for her Singapore flight then lodged mine for Chennai which took significantly longer.	1
 We walked around the temple for sometime taking snaps it was surprisingly clean inside and the complex was very interesting although I was disappointed to see a temple elephant that looked in poor condition.	0
 so we just watched the cricket in the lodge's entertainment area and enjoyed the relaxing natural setting,	1
 the hotel manager suggested we go to a place called Modern Restaurant,	1
 which are changing shape every day and cost around 30rp (about 40cents) and a “wedding ring” (cheap piece of …),	1
 they wanted to charge an extra 2%.	1
I was able to manage 120Km/hr till madurai with small breaks did Bangalore Madurai in 4.	0
You wont find any 5 star accomodation but there are 2-3 3 star decent hotels you can stay.	1
 We were asked by our organizers to disembark immediately to allow room for the porters to get our cases down from the overhead racks and off the train.	1
 We had hired a driver to bring us around for our trip.	1
 we went for a bit of shopping for indian traditional clothes.	1
 it was ""Save The Earth Day"" and all electricity will be cut temporarily and we wouldnt have managed to check-in.	1
 The roads were so narrow yet the driver skillfully managed to manuvore the vehicle well.	0
 We did some shopping and Ooty is famous for its nilgeri oil for all ailments.	0
 I managed to catch the toy train (actual train) which looked very cute.	1
 shop keepers of both genders opening up for the day.	1
 We stopped for a few minutes to look at a shop that sold mass-market replica stone carvings.	1
 Our real destination was a small shop kept by a master carver where he sells the work of his students.	1
beachside resort under a festival tent.	1
 We rounded off the experience by shopping in a nearby clothing store,	1
 When the sun got too hot I went to the very large free-form pool and swam all the way round a few times,	0
 with the pool and deck in the shade and an onshore breeze,	1
the street for about a kilometre or more were open-fronted shops spilling colourful saris and fabrics for men’s clothes.	1
 I maintained my semi-indifference,	1
 Outside the entrance we deposited our shoes at a shop that sold a variety of small items and also provided this shoe service.	1
Another couple of hours on the bus brought us to the fabulous resort of Fisherman’s Cove.	1
 But my swimming was in the pool because the sea flag was red.	1
 At first V___ was in search of two shopping malls.	1
 He speaks Hindi and quickly arranged for us to squeeze into the passenger seat of a three-wheeled transport scooter with a yellow-cab canopy and body.	1
 It took 2 hours which put me in a bit of a grumpy mood as it wasn't a very comfortable bus.	1
 interconnecting rivers that function as watery highways that people still use for commerce and for getting around in the remote parts of the state.	0
 that I volunteered with last time I was here.	1
Mom and I stayed at the volunteers' flat and cooked a delicious dinner (well I cooked) of dhal,	1
 even just the internet cafe,	1
 who I have decided is no longer allowed to go out shopping on her own because she has no bargaining skills whatsoever and paid way too much money for a purse and shirt.	0
 So now shopping is supervised 😊 .	0
 mixed with a bunch of souvenir shops selling mobiles made out of shells that really could have been equally as at home in south Florida.	1
 Since the alcohol is so cheap in Goa that I bought a bottle of Cashew schnapps.	1
 There were many alcohol shops so that I allowed myself a bottle of wine.	1
I was a bit disappointed because I couldnt go into the park with my bike.	1
	0
