 contains no water or sugar and is served very cold.	0
brothers who run the farm are two interesting and engaging men who welcomed us onto their farm and into their home,	1
is easy living at it's best with hospitality like you can only imagine.	1
 Highway truly smiled and became shining with black color when rain pours on it.	1
 since the Sun god was not kind enough during the last few days.	0
 To our luck the sungod was kind today and it was a nice beginning of the “Seventh day of Navratri (Durga Mahasaptami).	1
 water-logging and all kinds of possible hazards were part of this journey.	0
 all kinds of animals like Cattle,	1
 I had a horrible experience here and without the help of a truck driver I would have halted here upto midnight.	0
 presently booking of these rooms are comparatively easier thru on-line facility (compared to booking of Guest House in Nagarhole Tiger Reserve which we visited last month,	1
 Food was being served only at the restaurant and not at cottages.	0
 As I mentioned food was served only at the canteen.	1
 In fact there was no scope of roaming outside the Nagarhole guest house at night.	0
 Thali meal was served with lot of varieties like Rice,	1
 which immensely helped us at night.	1
 Hence for reaching the Guest House,	1
 Forest Guest House,	1
 To my luck it clicked and it was a delightful experience of spending two nights in the Guest House of Nagarhole along with my wife.	1
 Guest House etc were located.	1
Forest Guest House (named Gangotri) is located around 38 Kms from this gate.	1
 Thinking that was our destination I stopped the car but had come to know that the Forest Guest House was around 8 Kms from here.	1
 forest guest houses were located.	1
Gongotri Guest House where we had been allotted for stay was located within few hundred yards from the forest office in a slightly inclined land from the roadside.	1
 There was ample space for car parking in front of the Guest House.	1
 Innumerable tall trees could be seen behind and the left of the Guest House.	1
 A smiling aged person,	1
 He served us hot food which includes Rice,	1
 By the time we could reach the check point at Nanchi for returning to our Guest House,	1
We returned to the Guest House at around 6 PM.	1
Around 8 PM suddenly we saw a huge herd of deer arriving near the open space in and around the Guest House.	1
He served the hot food of Chapatti with Dal,	1
 There were markings to help trekkers visiting to the top of the mountain.	1
 Only one person with a khaki uniform was politely endeavouring to prevent those boys but in vain.	0
Feeling hungry we began our journey back to the Guest House.	1
 We had to go back to the Guest House.	1
 while serving lunch intimated he would go to his native place and would be substituted by another person.	1
 We walked to the Canteen which was far away from Guest House to have tea.	1
 Todays feature was the sound of wind emanating from huge tree leaves nearby Guest House.	1
 as if the whole world was plunged into darkness except this guest house and one or two lights far away.	0
 Mysore - 570008 for booking of guest house as per preferred dates and forwarded mail.	1
which immensely helped us at night.	1
 but umbrella helped us a lot,	1
 Hence for reaching the Guest House,	1
 around 10 Kms from the guest house.	1
 I really love India,	1
 loved interacting with the Indian people and have some amazing (and ridiculous!	1
 I have lived in a lovely apartment (albeit it’s had its challenges recently!	1
couk - the charitable trust I helped set up and am trustee of - that supports communities in Uganda (we have made some good progress recently and will hopefully be making a distribution of AFRIpads soon!	1
 working from home and telling the colleagues I needed to that I was leaving (I had some lovely messages back).	1
 The maid hadn’t been in for a few days which made it a bit complicated and I had no idea what to do with the rubbish… The Security Guard helped me figure it out and I took down a lot of foodstuffs for them to save it being wasted.	0
 And receiving the odd random calls from people where you just say ‘hello’ to each other as despite the fact that both are speaking English nobody understands the other!	1
 Both the toll gates were full of all kinds of vehicles in all the lanes.	0
I love to drive thru this highway.	1
 particularly after nightfall without GPS help was not easy.	0
 Roads in and around the temple were very narrow and heavily crowded with all kinds of vehicles and pedestrians.	0
 We had to stay in that hotel for two days and I must mention that the hospitality standard of this hotel was one of the worst I have ever seen anywhere.	0
 The locals near the parking lot helped us to park our car.	1
 To our dismay the rate started with Rs 2000 per hour (off season rate) with an offer of negotiated price upto Rs 1500.	0
 The road was heavily crowded with all kinds of vehicles.	0
I felt hungry and looking for hotels serving Bengali food.	0
Serving of complimentary breakfast was slightly delayed.	0
 Pilgrims all over India gathered here to offer puja and chanting prayers to the lord.	1
 They then helped me do my food shopping in Hypercity and carried it to Noor and the car for me!	1
 Markus and Elin invited me out to dinner one evening,	1
 I eventually found out (with Noor’s help again) that she was unwell (she’s better now J).	1
 The kind people at work came and took a look at it,	1
 And then after work I finished off my essay (my lovely colleague Sharon had proof read it and given some good feedback) and submitted it at about 9pm!	1
 made me keep going when I wanted to stop and gave me alcohol if needed J And all my lovely friends who I could never do as much fun stuff with as I wanted to because I was already studying (you have me back now!	1
 Jane my colleague stayed Monday and Tuesday and it was really nice to have a visitor and see a friendly face.	1
 It just took some late nights and a little bit of wine which always helps the writing process.	1
 I think he realised it was a bit amusing because one time when I couldn’t help laughing he laughed with me.	1
 Brian does not enjoy having a maid (I feel quite uncomfortable with it too but I can see how helpful it is during the working week).	0
 I’ve had some trouble too with helping her understand that the key I’ve been leaving with at security is for her to keep… and that she needs to lock the back door.	1
 So I’ve now enlisted my lovely landlords help to explain.	1
 everyone crowded around… I tried to clean it up… nobody would let me clean it up and then the cleaning lady who happened to be nearby gave me the most unimpressed looks… I saw her the next day and smiled and I got another very unimpressed look :/ We also went out to a really nice Indian restaurant called Tandoor with the neighbour Marcus (who we’d met before) and his wife Elin (who’d just come back from overseas).	1
 they even had baked beans but they were too sweet to be Heinz.	1
 Brian cooked a lovely breakfast and the landlord arranged for Biryani to be delivered which was amazing.	1
 I love to drive our Hyundai Xcent car thru highways.	1
First route was convenient but the second route offered scenic beauty,	1
 He took his time and in the end we were served freshly made idlis and hot tea.	1
 The place was exotic that we fell in love with the place.	1
 The road was narrow at some places like normal hilly roads but occasionally having heavy traffic with all kinds of small and large vehicles.	0
Mahabaleswar had many tourist places to offer like temples,	1
 offering Drinks,	1
Apart from all kinds of food stalls,	1
 Hot chapatis were served with dal,	1
 We welcomed it since it had happened after a long gap.	1
I write this blog to help me remember things and to keep my friends and family updated on what I'm doing.	1
We stopped for breakfast at a kind of service station.	1
 We had no idea of what to order but went for Dosa which was a kind of breakfast pancake.	1
 You got a sense that this was somewhere that the Indian royalty would greet guest and put on a good show.	1
 I loved it at first,	1
 Brian couldn’t move his arms above shoulder height… I couldn’t help laughing out loud when the guy told Brian “it’s ok if you don’t lift your arms up” and Brian responded with “Yeah it’s fine… if I don’t use my arms?	1
 We had a lovely chat and he invited us out to lunch with the other neighbours we’ had dinner with the week before.	1
 I love a good sunset.	1
 I should mention that I love fried chicken,	1
 and loved talking to the people.	1
 I love the little side streets that look like a city in themselves!	1
 a type of Dahl and Sweet & Spicy Balti Chicken.	1
I’m also getting used to having people helping me… (other than my parents… Mum and Dad I can hear what you’re saying now…!	1
) Noor and I are getting there with how we both work… and my lovely maid is great,	1
 so helpful and Brian has been giving her instructions… not necessarily all the ones needed though as there are some interesting occurrences in the house … First I bought a Guernsey calendar from home and because I haven’t got anywhere to hang it yet… I leave it on the dining table open on April… every day I come home it’s closed again… I wondered how long it would go on for and Friday I came home and it was still open!	1
 Dallas to see my lovely friend Lauren and California to see Brian.	1
 which is an incredible help to the rest of us because she has so many tips and is a great source of professional and personal support.	1
 I love both their writing styles and they will have a different perspective to me) and some new people will join us soon.	1
) and as I loved living in Brisbane I took that as a positive.	1
 We’d had a power cut the night before… which didn’t help packing… but we finished packing,	1
 I really love that place,	1
 I guess that’s not that bad but it’s not a Tesco offer price…!	0
 who would come in to help 6 days a week (it can get quite dusty around here,	1
 who’d very kindly invited us around for delicious BBQ pork (got tips on where to buy meat).	1
 the Mutton Thali ordered by us was served at a lightening speed.	1
 She is perceived to be ever smiling (Hasya –Hassan).	1
 The offerings of flowers,	1
 The literally meaning of these words denotes that the place is blessed with all kinds of wealth,	1
We stayed in “Paradise guest house” in Chennai.	1
The rauza from the outside looks kind of similar to the Taj.	1
 the locals love to have a selfie taken with a white person.	0
 Bij had a kind of middle eastern air to it.	1
 a potato dish and a dish with a kind of grain that is in texture more mushy than rice.	1
 The goods on offer included shiny new blue tractors.	1
 It wds served fast food style in small yellow plastic bowls.	1
 but they do not have political power and they no longer play any ceremonial role.	0
 small cormorants and different kinds of small wading birds.	1
 Small break helped all of us to know better as few of us met for the first time.	1
 Kudos to our guide for helping us to explore the Fort better.	1
This incident helped me regain my sense of safety and need to drive carefully.	0
 Watching thousands of Sunflowers glowing in the sun-shine served as a welcome break to the monotony of a long drive.	1
I was surprised to note the respect and love given by the king to his mistress (Ramba) who lied on the one side of the king’s tomb along with his wives.	1
In both the places I took the help of Guides to understand the importance of these structures.	1
 which was not equipped to face this kind of road.	0
 there was a smile around me that kept saying this is not the last day,	1
 Aihole and Pattadakal are little villages that do not offer accomodation.	0
 people really friendly and the food was excellent.	1
 But they were very kind and respectful.	1
 friendly and had amazing food!	1
 Another attraction was various off-season hotel discount offered by different travel-sites.	1
 Munia went inside to see and offer prayers.	1
 Food was served after a long wait nevertheless it was north Indian type,	0
 Two /three types of vegetables were served without any limit,	1
 There are various kinds of house boats and the rentals starting from Rs.	1
 He was a local man and a very friendly person.	1
 It was a lovely resort with an awesome view of the Kudle beach.	1
Gokarna - Kudle beach is no doubt one of the best beach for people who love to go right in and enjoy the waves but the city's beauty is doubled due to its spiritual feel!	1
 Apparently there are many yoga centres offering classes and some even offering courses.	1
 We love the relaxed rules of India.	1
 friendly and don't overcharge foreigners.	1
 He offered to take us to all these places and more.	1
 We declined his offer and asked him to just drop us near the palace where we could get food.	1
 It seems the trick here is rickshaw driver’s offer extremely low priced journeys but will then earn commission for taking you to 'recommended' places.	1
 with a very basic menu selection but offering a unique experience we took a seat inside.	1
 All meals here are served on a banana leaf and diners are to be ate with your hands.	1
 P was served a poppadom,	1
The locals here were friendly and not too pushy,	1
 this rickshaw driver continually offered us day tours.	1
This guy was very rude and insistent.	0
 In the tourism office (located in Virupaksha Temple) we found out they were offering bicycle tours around the ruins as the distant between them was not very far (despite what many rickshaw drivers tell people) plus we would be given a guide providing information on the history.	1
 That annoying rude rickshaw driver.	0
 This was a lovely past time here,	1
Children in orphanages face the same challenges although many orphanages do play a parental role when it comes to this to help their children and young adults move on.	1
 I got an invitation to travel with him.	1
 After a lovely dinner at Gokak resort,	1
 we bought some fresh regional sweets called Kunda (famous in Belgaum) and Kadardant (popular sweet of Gokak).	1
Greetings from Mysore,	1
 as I think they could do so much for the place if they spruced it up a bit and added a few friendly faces,	1
 All that stared back at me was the smile of a traditionally-dressed Indian girl in the one painting,	1
I was also amazingly enough the only guest there for my two-night stay.	1
 I realised we had pretty much done the safari in the area that we had walked on on foot (without any kind of weaponry protection) that very same morning.	1
 “skin jelly” and a superb souvenir bottle-opener/key-ring (which I shall be using very shortly to help me open my newly-arrived,	1
My wife helped to navigate me with “Google” and GPS in hand.	1
 Offered “pranaam” to Lord Shiva and our journey began.	1
 We love Tibetan food but there was no time to search for eateries.	1
 We offered prayers in temples.	1
I’ve been back on the land for two weeks and all kinds of things have happened since,	0
 The first few days there were kind of boring to me but then I decided to go out and explore on my own.	0
 There are literally all kinds of people there,	1
 Every Saturday they have a Farmer’s Market and a Pizza Night at YC which attract all kinds of people.	1
 The first time I met some people volunteering at Buddha Garden who invited me to join them the following Monday.	1
 visiting a permaculture farm called Solitude (where they host concerts and offer meals cooked with a lot of their own vegetables),	1
 After that night I couldn’t help but feel sad at the thought that it would all be over soon,	1
 It’s really helpful to have someone around who’s more familiar with the way things work in India (haggling with the rickshaw drivers especially).	1
 The memories of these natural beauty remains in the heart and mind for long and gives us enthusiasm to go back to our work of daily life and makes our wait sweet for the next venture.	1
We will love to come back to Goa by this route again and obviously stop for the lunch there.	1
 I’ve also helped the auroville guys a few times though,	1
 Yesterday Philip helped me make ‘my first steps in natural building’.	1
 which has really helped me focus on being where I am.	1
 willing to help and always smiling.	1
 any guest or neighbour who had one fell victim to my persistent pleading.	1
 this blog could help a first-timer.	1
 and the road was lovely (with gentle up and down slopes).	1
 The 15 kilos of extra weight that I always carry on my self didn't help matters either!	0
 as long as you smile and are friendly to them.	1
 And then there's the tiny girl Gheeta who compensates her lack in stature by having the largest smile I've ever seen!	1
 Today I got to know them a bit better but also 'met' some Indian guys and helped them in the process of getting a 5000 liter water tank up on a stone construction.	1
 The friendliness of the people is also very welcoming.	1
I love morning game drives.	1
 so he offers the remains of our breakfast to the dogs.	1
 and we decline their kind offer.	1
 A co passenger kindly offered us a lift to the main town centre.	1
 On our way back to the hotel we briefly stopped in at St Philomena’s Church and the Eco-Friendly Incense Sticks Factory.	1
 It was a warm and friendly atmosphere.	1
 but the people were very friendly and just parted to let us through.	1
 so he banished Nandi to earth to help the people to toil the ground and produce more food.	1
god Lord Surya is offered special prayers.	1
 I loved the floor tiles and extensive stained glass in peacock motifs in the Marriage Pavilion.	1
 on some special festivals the whole palace is lit up in lights and everyone is welcome to come into the grounds to see it.	1
 I love seeing local people enjoying their own city,	1
 The rooftop restaurant setting was quite lovely and we had an enjoyable meal of aloo gobi (potato and cauliflower curry) with butter naans (leavened bread cooked in a wood fired oven) and parathas (naans stuffed with potato).	1
 and there was also a very lovely ambience to this place.	1
We had been invited to an early dinner at a local family home.	1
 The couple’s two grown daughters had come over to help cook for us.	1
 so I’ve only been having a small serving – which is a first in all my travels!	1
 The owner James was a very courteous man.	1
 We took the one that offered us a bed first with a lovely email: the Villa Camelotin Whitefield.	1
 We were welcomed by the hosts Yamini and Raghu with a big hug,	1
 huge smiles and a steaming cup of hot chai.	1
 It was the warmest welcome we have ever had by arriving in an accomodation!	1
 Later we were invited to Shilpa's home to meet her mum and her brother.	1
 Herewith we want to thank them again for the lovely evening!	1
 We love Bangalore.	1
 We love these kind of cities where there is not much to do from a touristic point of things.	0
Bangalore has showed us a different kind of India,	1
 We did not want to be rude and started to play the game with them.	0
 We really felt extremely bad but there was no chance to arrive on top of the hill in 1 day with being friendly to all the people.	1
 We bought some offerings for a pooja at a stand from a friendly lady outside the Cheluvanarayana Temple.	1
 We were welcomed very friendly - our room was small but looked clean and ok.	1
 They immediately offered us a new room,	1
 were very friendly and even helped us to move our unpacked stuff.	1
 We bought some offerings for the pooja and went in.	1
 the guests were totally mixed (some locals,	1
 remoter places around Mysore as this area is considered to be kind of a holy area with lot of sacred places and a special energy.	1
 The owner was very friendly and chatted with us - well,	1
welcome us.	1
 Our next destination is a place where we have been already 1 year ago and which we loved: Mysore!	1
 We were kind of shocked.	0
 They do not show any kind of emotions.	0
With Nijams help we found the correct sleeper bus to Chennai.	1
 I decided to be safe and go to the hospital as I did not know why I had this problem.	0
 it was a private hospital and the first thing I thought was: ""oh my good,	1
 but the open fire helped a lot.	1
 The other guests were a great mixture of indians and westeners and we were all talking and exchanging our stories.	1
 It was kind of funny to celebrate christmas in the buddhist temple together with hordes of indian tourists.	1
 We loved every second.	1
 I do the chivalrous thing and offer to swap with her friend,	1
I find a guest house ""Funky Monkey"",	1
 Initially you will feel you are in some kind of village.	1
 Initially you will feel you are in some kind of village.	1
 He is lying on the ground(like a dead) and my friend commented he is in love and every body laughed .	1
But the zoo invited us to a fascinating planet altogether.	1
 tales of war and love with its essence of Hindu-Islam Rajput fusion .	1
 Hey ho we will do next time as we certainly intend to visit India again as we're loving it so much.	1
 We chose to stay way down South in Palolem and very pleased we did as it was a lovely quiet resort with a wonderful bay.	1
 cosmopolitan culture and friendly people.	1
) We also had lunch at Parklane hotel in Mysore; they served good biryani,	1
 despite a late serving time.	0
 Our guest house is set up amidst a lush garden of flowering plants and huge trees,	1
 We loved the wicked witch rapid,	1
 served in a bowl made out of dried Banana leaf which comes with chicken,	1
 differnt spices are used but again served with chicken and gravy - there was salad at the table in the food house but I was not game enough to try it,	1
 but I am pleased to say I can find my way to some places without the help of google maps and know if someone is taking me for a ride when I get in the rickshaw.	1
 they gave me the warmest greeting I've had so far out on the road,	1
 I started introducing Improvisation tools to the students to get some idea of what kind of piece I'm going to create with 28 of them on a teeny tiny stage (yes,	1
sweet pancake with fruit salad then rice and sambal.	1
 it's so sweet tastes like a lolly!	1
 Now I really am finding my feet and loving the experience of this crazy place.	1
 this is ok in fact because it is so warm and lovely a big jump from the bitterness of the Australian winter.	1
 very lovely grounds so lush and green!	1
 only to be greeted by a security man I had no hope in hell understanding or explaining that I was there to work,	1
 sweet relief I can tell my loved ones I have not died in the flight!	0
 oh sweet silence where have you been?	0
 they later tell me that they love my classes and are having fun,	1
 it's a real pleasure to be admired and to feel that through a friendly less demanding nature I can see great improvement and deepen the awareness of their bodies with them.	1
 they are friendly and supportive to each other,	1
I met a lovely man in the plane on the way over,	1
 He invites me over friday evening after I finish work.	1
 the students support and love really picked me up and we did a slow massage/stretch class as they were tired and to be honest I had little energy.	1
 still after they leave I feel lonely and I am grateful for the invitation to stay the night with a friend.	1
 Nice guy we had a lovely chat and he took me down what I can only describe as the most dangerous road I have ever been down.	1
 I arrive at his door and his wife greets me with a tray with contains a sweet smelling candle,	1
 the universe really helped me when it sat me next to this man on the plane.	1
 all I needed was a little help and a little love.	0
 these beliefs permeate the political and legal classes.	1
The farm we were staying at had four lovely dogs.	1
 Our driver was lovely and everything went well until he started telling us about his life and the guilt trip kicked in.	1
On the plus side he did help us out getting a package posted home so things werent too bad.	1
 Our guy helped us with all of this and we probably paid more for the sewing up part than a local but still only cost a few quid.	1
 we decided if we got on (after the stampeed of people) we would have to take it in shifts to sleep and not take any food or drink offered to us as it would most likely have some sort of sleeping drug in it so we would fall asleep and wake up very robbed.	1
 The bus for that night was full but our guy sorted us on the next nights one and was so kind and helpful to us.	0
 We enlist the help of Mr Ali who conducts vigorous conversations/arguments.	1
 we are kindly offered tea or coffee.	1
 the lemon serves to dilute the otherwise undrinkable concentrate of tannin into something halfway tolerable.	0
 we assume he is an officer but as he’s not in uniform he could just be a helpful passer-by) informs us with a grin that we are the first foreigners they have ever had to deal with,	1
 Mr Ali has offered to drive us to the airport in the morning,	1
 Surprisingly we were not offered a receipt,	0
 but instead wander back to the car through the numerous stalls selling trays of fruit and flowers for temple offerings and a range of cheap plastic toys and souvenirs.	1
 We wander upstairs and a cleaner offers to show us the Viceroy suite where,	1
 so we sat in the deserted coffee lounge and were served in solitary splendour.	1
 and was seeking to offer his services as a guide no doubt for an outrageous fee.	0
 We made the mistake of saying hello to one of their number who felt brave enough to accost us.	1
 with every remaining child wanting to greet us and shake our hands.	1
 All very friendly though,	1
 all ridiculously attired in one way or another and exchanging a polite “good morning” in some sort of show of solidarity in the face of adversity (etiquette has to be maintained you know).	1
 an invitation from a fierce looking transvestite to enter her shop which is politely declined,	1
 The cafe is run by Nepalis and serves tasty food of the sort that saved our lives in Tibet where the local food was unspeakable.	1
 Fake sadhus wander around offering to have their photo taken for money.	0
 offering a range of faux rural Indian pastimes for the Bangalore city dwellers – camel rides,	1
 The manager offered to bring hot water upstairs by the bucket load but somehow that didn’t seem like much of a solution.	1
 but dinner can be ordered in and served on the marble table.	1
 I spent much time warning him that the satellites could fall from the sky and the Internet could breakdown whilst happily following his GPS I Phone and using his various apps to help me identify various onward travel options.	0
I loves a good beach I do,	1
a pleasure Thanks Padma Guest house.	1
 For sunset we were taken to a lovely spot on the hill where priests were chanting the Ramayana 24/7 there is never a break they never stop there are always 2 priests taking it in turns oh and using a microphone so its loud even if no one is there.	1
 broke the fly screen and stole them – would so have loved to have seen him in action the bugger so smart and as Terry says something he will never do again.	0
We packed early and went for a last dinner and walk about this lovely town it would be a very early call the next morning 5 am departure as I am nervous and we needed to confirm we were on the train.	1
 lovely food,	1
 friendly people,	1
 all kinds of smells and colours and,	1
 we spoke to so many people who simply loved their time in Mysore that we finally decided to check it out.	1
 Of course not - we loved it and could have stayed much longer.	1
The owners were very nice and helpful and with the ricksaw it is just a short ride to town.	1
 as we both love talking ;-)).	1
 We loved the detailed wood carvings with marble.	1
also trying all the famous sweets in coffee shops.	1
We are still swanning around in luxury; lovely Thai dinner last night,	1
 The staff are just lovely and did I mention the beds?	1
 The father was a friendly ‘Tevier’ type of character.	1
They served a lovely bhiriani of chicken and nuts.	1
 One grandchild ‘helped’ Andrea read through the book several times.	1
500 guests as the husband was a ‘big’ business man.	1
 We found a lovely auto-rickshaw driver who would give us the meter fare,	1
I am loving my time at the 40K plus pod here in Maralakunte.	1
 I am loving it here though.	1
Pod time consists of the welcome song,	1
 where we generally break up into smaller groups to help the kids with conversational English.	1
 Coconut water helped us refresh ourselves whenever we were tired with cycling.	1
 he had a woman housekeeper who cooked and served the most delicious food,	1
 He was slightly odd being mine host as he had dinner and breakfast with us as he said he did with all guests but never asked us anything,	1
 We went for a walk in the local village and were warmly welcomed by everyone we saw,	1
Our hotel was offering a 'gala' dinner for New Years Eve,	1
 Our driver was parked up just a few feet away and he wouldn't have been offered anything by the hotel and no doubt there was loads left over.	1
It was a lovely journey,	1
with a lovely colonial feel.	1
 we didn't always get the best photos but it is amazing how friendly people are and willing to let you,	1
 as always a lovely chap was at the airport from Indian Panorama to assist us.	1
 we will miss the incredibly welcoming people and the lovely weather,	1
 There are guests sunning themselves or smoking on the porches.	1
 harem pants and other hippie-ish clothes that soon help us blend in with the crowd.	1
 Yet another invites us into his shop filled with drums,	1
 We exchange hellos with other tourists.	1
 It is friendly and non-intrusive.	1
 It feels like we are looking at them and with our hellos we are really agreeing ‘isn’t this wonderful?	1
 The microwave owen and fridge in the room helped us in the process.	1
 this place offers a lot.	1
 This peak offers very nice panoramic view of the Tungabhadra region.	1
 For History and Architecture lovers: Hampi and nearby places offer most of what Hampi is known for.	1
It definitely helps if one has a personal transport since the temples are situated in different directions and to make it to all these places in a brief span of time can be strenuous and tiresome.	0
 The one thing I can’t comprehend (in Karnataka) was the smallest glasses (plastic) used for serving tea at many places.	0
 we removed everything and each one helped other for finding leaches from the body,	1
 A lovely places to camp.	1
 Having had this kind of hassle many times before,	0
 we decided to sit on the platform with a cup of unbelievably sweet tea and wait him out.	1
 it also served as a great way to escape from the craziness that was on the other side of those walls….	1
 invites to tours and what not,	1
 Why were we putting ourselves though this kind of stuff?	0
 There we had presentations from couple of people and were given a tour of the Testing facility - pretty sweet to see all the latest and greatest tablets,	1
 we were greeted by the street vendors.	1
 it was the Catholic church as the ladies who greeted us were all nuns and the picture in their buildings were all Catholic murals).	1
 Selco is a solar panel distribution and service company that helps to bring light to the rural poor.	1
 Selco offers an abundant of aftermarket services and they often will provide service to competitor’s panels as well,	1
 A service that Selco offer is financial counseling.	1
 They assist people with taking about a loan and filling out the paperwork – essentially Selco helps to establish a poor person’s relationship with a bank and a credit history,	1
 It also helps to establish trust with the customer,	1
 Selco prefers NOT to serve the institutions,	1
 Another reason to remain focused on the rural poor is to help these people who are completely left out of the economy,	1
 One such product was the 3M Car Care shops that help to service the vehicles on the road.	1
 we were served lunch.	1
 They served up some appetizers and coke.	1
order to help better predict and manage wind energy forecasts,	1
those ever sugary – sweeter than sweet and much sweeter than I expected.	1
 but they were very helpful and talkative.	1
 About how Bangalore used to be so lovely with lots of gardens,	0
 It was a lovely guest house and I had one of the terrace rooms with a lovely open terrace with it.	1
 We were staying at the Orange County and had a lovely villa all to ourselves with a pool at the back.	1
 then on MG Road with the area manager from South and chose this lovely green South Indian saree for my mum.	1
 We would walk down once for lunch at a Chinese restaurant and I would be amazed at the cosmopolitan nature of the city and some lovely salons,	1
 Philippines and Thailand etc but I’ve never had a man offer his services.	0
 I needn’t have bothered with the food as I was in a corporate stand and food was served between innings.	1
The rickshaw driver decided to help himself to 50 rupees more than we’d agreed.	0
 which was lovely and relaxing.	1
 which gives these women machines which helps to increase the production of string.	1
 The other guests were exclusively Indian,	1
 a kind of puffed up bread which is delicious.	1
 just because I could-Harry Potter in Hindi is a fascinating experience; mirror which helpfully asks ‘am I smart’; and the best shower head I have seen in a month.	1
 Unfortunately we had all the windows open and Ali and Alex received a lovely face-full of toddler pee to finish off our very eventful weekend!	1
 and was greeted at arrivals by Veena and her friend,	1
 stopping at a small street stall serving panipuri,	1
 This is then served on a banana leaf 'saucer'.	1
 Such a lovely story line.	1
 We had rung ahead and booked a room at a Hotel (we thought was a family Guest House) called Le Vie en Rose.	1
One thing we discover early on is that M’s Hindi isn't going to be much help – most locals only speak Tamil and some English.	0
 which many travellers have said is really lovely and laid back with the usual blend of Indian mysticism,	1
 It’s a bit of a local institution with staff that seem to have been there since the day it opened – the guy who serves us is really sweet and attentive.	1
 An impression not helped by the heavily over cast sky.	1
light breakfast at the Guest House and get to the bus stop to get to Mysore.	1
 We reflect on this and realise perhaps we were perhaps being influenced by the weather and judging Ooty by our experiences elsewhere rather than accepting what it has to offer us as visitors.	1
 The Nilgiri Tea plantations give a lovely colour and texture to the landscape; the land is fertile and green with fruit and vegetables growing.	1
We are persuaded by a “tout” to try the Aishwaraya Residency nearby rather than go to our chosen hotel as it offers free wi-fi and various other amenities unlike the one we were going to for the same price.	1
 It’s not quite worth the journey in our view – but Indians love gardens,	1
 the guy serving us that night clearly didn’t like our presence in the place so ignored us for ages till his boss had to tell him off.	0
 A complete shit head compared to the guy who had served us really well the previous 2 nights.	0
 Their speciality is a vegetarian thali served on Banana leaves – a dying art in India.	1
 This will help you to trace the route on the rocks.	1
We were lucky to have a local guide who took us straight into the water fall through all kinds of funny zig-zag path.	1
 It serve as a place for workshops and seminars.	1
 we bought some famous Mysore pak from the well known Guru Sweet Shop across the street.	1
 He was very friendly and helpful,	1
 and were immediately greeted by at least a dozen rickshaw drivers who were so eager to take us one place or another that they literally blocked the door to the bus,	1
 we got one strangely low offer after another – one guy even said he would drive us for free.	1
 helping to put our surroundings into perspective.	1
 I couldn’t help but go over and talk to him.	1
 a lack of bathroom stops (I had the lovely opportunity to relieve myself on the side of the road at 2:45 a.	0
 A weekend away in a lovely city,	1
 with lovely people,	1
 More lovely open air to breath.	1
 We took a paddle boat ride in a lovely pond,	1
 A man on the side of the road surrounded by a cluster of helping hands.	1
 But I ache to think of how long it probably took for medical help to arrive.	1
 Our host came out to greet us immediately,	1
 showing us to our incredibly spacious and clean room and then serving us masala chai in her living room.	1
 our wonderful hosts served us fresh papaya along with chai and cookies (which they didn’t charge us for) and sat down to talk with us for awhile.	1
Most of the hosts we have lived with had lovely homes,	1
One of the first things that we were told when we arrived in Indi is that the ‘Guest is God’ and Indian people look after their guests well.	1
 welcomed into the family and made to feel like an old friend.	1
 I only hope that the hosts in the UK can live up to this when they welcome the Indian GSE team.	1
 It wasn’t just in the home though as every person we came across welcomed us and showed a real interest in finding out about us.	1
 To us sensible and polite Brits this is complete and utter rudeness.	0
 and serve food to everybody,	1
 and more and more men now help around the home too,	1
 He also said I was more than welcome to stay at his house but I’m sure he would live to regret that!	1
 I’d like to maybe use some of my vocational skills out here and work with organisations to help them deliver their communications or Corporate Social Responsibility projects.	1
(b) Go and buy him a cigarette to help him enjoy his moment of post self-gratification.	1
 the ""seasoned hippies"" offer tattoo services,	1
 We were served lots of tasty food and they were such good company even though the little one had a cold.	1
 which would be brilliant for people who love nature,	1
 this apparently helps keep the tree free of some diseases.	1
 I would love to stay longer,	1
I’m keeping this one short and sweet too as we are on the last leg of the trip and taking a little bit of time to relax and reflect on our time in India.	1
 Locals and international guests are flocking here and it’s easy to see why.	1
 travel and expenses to help encourage attendance and perhaps we can learn from this in the UK.	1
 we were greeted by our old friend Devdas who has bern in touch with us throughout our trip.	1
 After a lovely catch up and evening of cultural entertainment,	1
 which was lovely (thank you Rekha) I have been fascinated by the bond that families have here,	1
 we were warmly welcomed in Karkala and immediately started another programme of visits.	1
hospital teaches students and is associated with a medical college under Manipal University.	1
 It was a bit like an open house where people were welcomed into the home and were able to wander round at their own pace.	1
The hospitality everywhere we go is overwhelming and we are always sad to say goodbye to our hosts but we are looking forward to the next,	1
 we were able to listen to the rest of the guests and keynote speakers.	1
 the bakery owner friend of Nicola's has invited Nicola and Emily for dinner and me,	1
I think we have all learned to expect the unexpected on this trip but my vocational visit to a government-run hospital and medical college in Shimoga certainly put me to the test.	0
 the boys go to seek paid employment opportunities and the girls often have to leave to get married if their parents are offered a good match before they finish their education.	0
 The management institute encourages entrepreneurship and they work with the local Chamber of Commerce and private businesses to offer placements and experience.	1
 It was a lovely park to walk in and I wish I had somewhere like this to walk round every day.	1
 The centre was established in 2007 by a gentleman whose aim in life is to serve others.	1
 The owner will do anything and everything for the people he welcomes into the centre.	1
The owner’s dedication to help others is humbling and I hope that local communities continue to support his work.	1
 Rotaract is helping them to progress.	1
We meet a 32 year old woman who was a resident here and now helps the younger children.	1
 And they have staff to help with the cleaning too.	1
 Our hosts live by the mantra that ‘the guest is God’ and are keen to feed you lots of food.	1
 It was very good to be out in the lovely weather.	1
While in the Belur region we also visited some friendly Rotary clubs,	1
 I welcomed the opportunity to stay in the middle of a coffee plantation,	1
 The first of these was to a 90-bed private hospital that is part of an international chain of hospitals providing world-class healthcare.	1
 ensuring that guests are referred as necessary for the most appropriate form of healthcare.	1
 There is no doubt that it has also helped to build their confidence.	1
 These include a school and a vocational training centre where they teach poorer people English and hospitality skills before giving them a job in their chain.	1
 This will be our sixth set of hosts and we are welcomed with garlands,	1
 This is a genuinely lovely family and I’m sure that I can learn a thing or two from them while I’m here in Shimogga.	1
 sweets and juice at a supermarket and it only cost 80 rupees (about £1).	1
 it makes me very emotional and it’s hard not to offer them the money in your purse.	0
 The pepper which they also grow here helps to keep the business going.	1
 The Nandakumar family have been lovely hosts and it has been great spending time with them here in their home.	1
I gave Dr Geeta a copy of Northern Farmer as I thought she might be interested to read about the agricultural sector in England and she was very kind and gave me a lovely silk scarf.	1
Maria and his wife kindly took me for lunch at a lovely Chinese restaurant called Hao Ching and we shared chicken chow mein and BBQ pork.	1
 We are all a bit like kids in a sweet shop looking through the beautiful colours and designs.	1
 A lovely Rotarian called Keshav takes me along to the Star of Mysore newspaper,	1
 I woke up on New Year's Eve to a lovely morning birthday breakfast from Tamzin Demant!	1
 It’s lovely to enjoy some sunshine beside the pool,	1
To say that we have been welcomed is an understatement.	1
 In India a guest is like a god.	1
 but I think they have offered us every type of southern Indian cuisine.	1
 who are hoping that clubs in District 1190 will partner the Mangalore North club in applying for a matching grant to help them to buy a bus to ferry students across Mangalore to get to school.	1
 We have also heard about work in the field of health and helping youngsters with solar lamps for when there are power cuts,	1
 a cancer help initiative and a play school,	1
 Suffice it to say that we have been impressed by their enthusiasm to help those less fortunate than themselves.	1
 patients always had a smile on their face,	1
lovely Tibetan restaurant and when I ask for the wifi code it is freetibet2013.	1
 and they still contain all of the E numbers that were removed from our sweets at home a couple of years ago!	1
 We explain that they are good for our economy as one of our biggest tourist attractions and that their presence in 2012 helped to unite the nation during a difficult period.	1
 The twenty elephants here are owned by the Karnataka Forestry Department and used to help move wood in the forest.	1
 Emily and Nicola brave the cold water and help to scrub down the elephants as they bathe.	1
 they seem to be looked after well and we are able to help feed them some of their daily food intake (and they take a lot!	1
environmentally friendly farm retreat which is still trying to establish a reputation as a family resort which is sustainable in every way.	1
 Everybody is just so kind and I have really enjoyed my time with Punit,	1
 The hospitality I received from them was amazing and it was so kind of them to share their home and their life with me for the past four days.	1
 and are welcomed with sandalwood garlands which smell amazing!	1
We all meet up at a lovely modern hotel to enjoy some dinner.	1
The hospitality was heart warming and I look forward to seeing them again at the end of January!	1
 I loved the mixture of the old parts sitting in between huge apartment blocks,	1
 nothing is wasted as the broken nuts are used in food and sweet products.	1
 It’s a lovely modern and vibrant city and I really like it.	1
 They are both lovely and we offer them some advice about the weather!	1
 The people welcomed us warmly with flowers and then told us the plan for the day; a pineapple farm,	1
 as well as having a beautiful guest house.	1
 We are invited in and given a garland of varnished nuts.	1
 The Government used to collect road tax annually but now ask for 15 years worth in one go to help fund projects.	1
 I love the story behind third company.	1
 He trains them and offers them accommodation,	1
 What a lovely family they are.	1
 including two sweet courses!	1
 It was built by a lower caste to offer an opportunity for everybody to worship.	1
 The school does not receive any Government funding and they are hoping that Rotary International will help to fund a new school bus for them.	0
 The children are amazing and welcome us with music and garlands of flowers.	1
 as she greets the principal of the school.	1
 They have a lovely home and welcome me with yet more Indian hospitality!	1
It has been a fantastic final day here and I really love Manipal and Udupi,	1
 She has been an excellent host and I have loved sharing her beautiful home.	1
The Indian people are so friendly and hospitable that they insist on feeding us,	1
 Everybody welcomes us with more artificial flowers which are made by the residents to help them develop their life skills.	1
 The vocational training offered allows some people to go on and lead independant lives and find a job.	1
 I met the mother of the family in their house and even though her English was non-existant she was very kind and welcoming to me,	1
 It was here my 2nd meal of the day appeared in the form of more dosas with a sweet filling known as Chana Dal witha side order of freshly roasted cashnew nuts and chilli tikki banana chips.	1
 I love to see cultures of many,	1
 I am kind of lucky to have stumbled something like this but I had to walk about two kilometers down the road,	1
 which I found them very friendly and corporative to my request.	1
 all because for the love of their culture,	1
All of the guests who are invited will turn up for just part of the ceremony as it lasts so long and takes place on various days of the week.	1
 invites us to his home and tells us that he and his wife had an arranged marriage and married two months after they met.	1
 We were all greeted by female Rotarians,	1
 Her own mother worked for Mithra for more than 20 years and Mithra greets the little boy like he is one of her grandchildren which was very nice to see.	1
Everyone we have met is SO friendly and it would be impossible to name them all.	1
 People are so genuine and friendly out here and go out of their way to make us welcome.	1
 This is the first night we've not been staying as a group and although we were all aprehensive at initialy parting it only took a few moment to be in the host home to feel welcome and part of the family.	1
 We were both taken round the hospital which their father founded - Sonia Clinic - and saw their offices and consulting rooms.	1
Both our hosts are members of a local Ladies Club which meets once a fortnight and we were lucky enough to be invited to their first meeting of 2013 and greeted once again with open arms and many ""Happy New Years"".	1
 It also helped being in such a cool place.	1
 Air conditioned balcony rooms with fantastics views are a welcome sights after a 9 hour overnight flight!	1
Tomorrow we have been invited to attend a Hindu wedding in the city and witness the main part of the ceremony.	1
 I'm full of lovely food,	1
 We were all welcomed to the club with coconut juice fresh from the coconut but the lunch we enjoyed with the hosts from D.	1
 We are all a bit excited as we have been invited to a traditional Indian wedding tomorrow.	1
The kind moustasted man with the newspaper sign with my name splet wrong probably made it a little easier last time,	1
When i arrived at the peace child office i was once again greeted by Viji,	1
We've been invited in homes.	1
 after travelling around the cities and towns of India Hampi was a welcome break from dusty roads and extremely busy city and town centres.	0
 We stayed across the river from the main town and after a 9 hour bus journay and a 13 hour train journey we were gladly met by the first person who offered us accomodation across the river.	1
 I fell in love with this killing beauty,	1
 Its windy peak offers unhindered views of impressive mountain ranges and valleys of Coorg and beyond.	1
 inviting the beholder to walk along them and lose themselves in the mystery that the depth of the hills seem to convey.	1
 One of the respected monk Penor Rinchoppe put the platform for the monastery with the aim of helping those relocated monks.	1
 munificent kindness and indignant rudeness,	0
 India: our first love; the one country – to date – that we can never imagine tiring of.	1
 Chennai immediately welcomed: simple rail-links to the city centre,	1
 the cheapest of which offered us a room for 400rp ($8).	1
 Then a wizened old man appeared - don’t you just love them – and offered a place for 200rp.	1
with minimal homeless curled up for the night; far less red-jacketed coolies than normal in evidence; and – tragically – chai no longer served in handmade,	1
 followed typical Indian railway standards: got chatting to friendly engaging locals (Ali obviously got to hold a baby); attempted – in-vain – to refuse proffered contents of tiffin tins; dashed off at stops/pauses for additional snacks,	1
 helpful people; a stunning – particularly when illuminated by its 100,	1
 Help came in the delightfully unexpected form of a young rickshaw driver: no lift required,	1
 always declining his offers of cheap prices to the sights (it’s actually a good hearty walk to Chamundi hill for its panoramic views over the city).	1
are transported back to that fleeting period when India’s beaches hit their tourist zenith: dispersed and discrete enclaves of beach huts that are almost invisible from the lustrous bays and yet serve all possible – backpacker - needs.	1
 smiling faces,	1
 Bidar proved to be worthy of the effort: a bustling town with friendly inquisitive locals including a sizable Muslim population,	1
e) All round backpacker price-friendliness: current thinking would beLaos but we’re still saying India,	1
 loves attention.	0
 and invite you to bring light to the mistake.	1
 you are greeted by this fantastic monolithic bull.	1
 Hampi is actually home to a one-of-a-kind nandi (a very small one,	1
 but I like to imagine there is a giant chocolate-loving snipe roaming among the boulders of Hampi.	1
 much love from India!	1
 we were welcomed by a beautiful view,	1
 too (maybe he was not allowed to help me with that part?	0
 but I can't help but be grateful that we were not left at a toilet in the middle of nowhere at night.	1
 a mob of business owners surrounded us,	0
 There were guest houses everywhere in the little city proper and it was the off-season,	1
Meals served Mango Tree-style,	1
 and were almost immmediately greeted by a crowd of locals and a sprinkling of foreign visitors like us.	1
 which served us delicious food on banana leaves.	1
 There's a long term guest from Switzerland staying at the homestay,	1
 and the friendly Indian owners made me feel very welcome.	1
 But the important thing is that Indians are an engaging and friendly nation of people,	1
 who will do what they can to help travellers get by in this complex country.	1
 and bumped into several friendly Indian people who were happy to stop and chat.	1
 I was pleased to greet the friendly staff again,	1
 just simply marvelous that made me smile with wonder.	1
Last minute another expat here for only a few weeks invited me to go to Mysore,	1
 it was disgusting; and not the regular kind of digusting,	0
 caught our complimentary breakfast of North Indian cuisine (fluffy rice pancakes that kind of looked like uncrustables,	1
 Any foreigner would have missed this place if not for the help of the locals.	1
 People can leave offerings and take blessings there.	1
 a couple times people (mostly children) would say ""hello"" to me and giggle when I smiled and said ""hello"" back.	1
 A duo of girls came up again after going through the hello-giggle performance and shook my hand,	1
 A thorough and solid declaration of my love for the deliciousness that is gulab jamoon (with ice cream) and for the man who first made it.	1
 It is usually served with ice cream,	1
 stand on a table covered in rangoli-like artwork and the preists (or whatever they're called) will wave some incence in front of the statue and offer you some sacred water to splash on your mouth and head.	1
 The priests offered a silver platter with a burning lamp on it,	1
 then they offered him the bowl of sacred water.	1
 I think they weren't quite sure what to do with me; even though I ate lunch with them and Kiri and they smiled whenever I wandered around it looked more like one of the nervous smiles I see when people don't know what to expect of you here.	0
 but I would have loved to tool around by myself for several days.	0
) The male actor is good at brooding and occassionally flashing glimpses of teeth in a small smile while sneaking glances at Geet.	1
 After dinner I washed my hands and face in one of the washbasins they offer in South Indian restaurants,	1
 On one hand I love the idea of eating my food with my hands.	1
 The first is that the workshop hosts decided to bring a menagerie at lunch to entertain us guests--not an unlikely scenario considering the immense hospitality I've seen here--and the second is that I skipped out on the conference.	1
 smiled and said ""very nice.	1
 I smiled back and said thanks every time.	1
 so once I'd purchased my lovely new sari we continued down the road to find Sam and Fae something,	1
 I was interested to see that in this shop the lady helping Fae with her saris offered her opinion on the choice of fabric color,	1
 They also offered to hem my sari properly for 75 Rs so I threw that into the bargain.	1
 It's kind of a common theme here.	1
 then cleans it with water and cow dung (since cows are sacred this serves as cleansing and purification),	1
 Pradash showed us several gadgets that are available to help women make their Rangoli faster since they may have more responsibilities now that just staying at home.	1
 An old lady even helped him with directions,	1
Breakfast was served on the fourth-floor Kebab restaurant,	1
 but it's served with milk and adding two lumps of sugar made it delicious.	1
 The teas and lunch were served in a small courtyard right next to the lecture room.	1
 The naan helped a little (mostly it was just tasty),	1
 Sam gave me some of her rice which helped too and made it even tastier,	1
 and the yogurt helped a lot.	1
 we ended up not really communicating and he and his buddy smiled that awkward smile Indian people give you when you're not communicating well or you've done something wrong and they feel uncomfortable.	0
 She smiled and waved back and I turned back around to pay attention.	1
 and waiters kepts coming around and offering bits of this,	1
 Anytime they offered me something I just smiled and said ""yes,	1
 an after-meal item meant to help digestion.	1
 This meant that this angry mob was stuck in front of that desk for hours.	0
After about two hours of hanging near the back of the mob and chatting with friendly Indian people who told me foods to eat,	1
 and when I asked them if I could dunk my head they smiled and nodded.	1
 One of the Indian professors I spoke with tonight said that Indian people take hospitality very seriously,	1
 Then he explained that he can help us get a hotel room at low rates in the available vacant rooms.	1
 but we all loved the new place.	1
 which served very tasty food for us,	1
 looked very clean and have very friendly staff.	1
 They served the hot food in the room.	1
 we met other people who offer the same ride for Rs 75).	0
 they offered us to take to a great market place in Mysore were we can shop as long as we want and he will wait outside for us.	1
 Even though we loved the food at the restaurant in the hotel,	1
 travel guides - almost anyone you meet would refer you to some of the ""best market"" that is offering some ""special deals"" ""only on that day""!	1
 a tourist guide who offered to take us to many attractions like Sandalwood factory at a very nominal fee of Rs 40.	1
 I started searching for some kind of ""managed farmland"" where someone else will take care of all the work and we just need to spend our time with plants and pets.	1
 You cannot build a house to live for practical reasons (unless you love to live in a typical Indian village with no access to schools,	0
 she simply smiled and said her intention is not to make money out of vegetables.	1
 This is ready to occupy and serves the weekend visitors from Bangalore to this farmland often.	1
• No hospitals in the vicinity if you have an emegency.	0
 Medical help may be too far.	0
 Day picnics and night stays are offered only for the potential customers and people who have contacts with them.	0
 I think visitors from Bangalore and other metro cities who live in concrete apartments would love to spend a few nights in a mud house.	1
There were three eminent guests who delivered their valuable speeches.	1
 coordinating the guests and participants,	1
 There were two guests who delivered their speech.	1
 honoring the guests with shawls and gifts and doing many other activities on the stage.	1
The road to Sangam is always fascinating with large number of mayflower trees on both sides of the way – as if ready to greet all the visitors.	1
 in next 15 minutes I noticed a wild elephant on the right and the locals not seemed to show any interest as they were quite ‘used to’ with this kind of wild animals.	0
 opposite to the bus stand and helped myself with a cup of coffee.	1
 he smiled and said.	1
 I really fell in love at the first sight.	1
 I was offered to have lunch and I decided to skip as I was ‘too late’ for The Irpu Falls which was some 6kms away from this place.	1
 Pramod offered me a nice option that he would drop me to the falls and once I was done with my ‘photos’ I would give him a call to pick me up from there.	1
 I liked this offer and we started again.	1
 I don’t know why but I am not too friendly with this animal so I got ‘spine chilling’ sensation.	0
 I was in love with this place.	1
 The dinner was served within 15 minutes.	1
 It was like a comfy 15 passenger travel van/bus with sweet blue/green lighting and a great sound system.	1
 I hate it because food is so often a social thing and I frequently find myself feeling rude for having to decline food while others are just trying to be good hosts.	0
 People are always serving food onto our plates instead of just leaving a serving dish on the table,	1
 We sat in a row along a long silver table and were served some pretty tasty curries on palm leaves.	1
These receptions have two parts: greeting the bride and groom on stage,	1
 with kind of a pelvic thrust each time he poured.	0
 Some extra spices and greens of some kind were sprinkled on,	1
 and we needed Sagar's help because we have had NO success in getting this thing.	1
 a really nice sales guy helped us out and I acutally bought quite a bit from him because he wasn't push at all.	1
 and Sagar’s brother-in-law presented us with some Indian sweets to “take on our journey.	1
 We had made friends with one of Sagar’s wedding guests the day before,	1
 and she had offered to help us book a car to take us to a National Park just outside of town since we had such difficulty arranging transportation.	1
 with Sagar’s family and his friend doing their absolute best to help us.	1
 It was called “Aqua bar” and it had this sweet underwater theme,	1
 There were all kinds of cool artifacts,	1
 It was a bit of a journey but with the help of an iPhone map that Jeff had downloaded earlier and some persistent navigation skills by Vanessa,	1
 They’ll maybe stare a bit and we’ll exchange smiles and hellos,	1
 And they always are helpful when we need to ask directions.	1
 I always love to try the local cultural McDonalds specialty when I’m in a new country,	1
 and Sagar all there to welcome us with big hugs!	1
 but I kind of wanted to wear something different for the engagement (Anjali had a bunch of outfits to choose from and Vanessa was borrowing something from Kamini,	1
 Kamini's mom had to help and at times there were two people involved in the pleating and pinning.	1
 Sagar's family is extremely nice and made us always feel welcome and taken care of.	1
 Many guests wanted to speak with us and find out what brought us all the way here from Canada,	1
 I offered him a deal.	0
I love visiting monasteries mostly for the peaceful environment and tidiness which really a 'big miss' in any other Hindu Temple.	1
 I tried to pose a few shots with monks and they seemed to very humble people with a smile on their face always.	1
 with a smile always.	1
 I am in love with this place.	1
 Love you Bylakuppe.	1
 But hello- somebody enlighten me,	1
 5 as they offer best river view.	1
 Also another staff is always there in a kayak alongside ready to help anybody requiring help.	1
 There is a reasonably priced bar but it offers very limited range,	1
 he will help you to actually get down on the island for a photo opportunity (we did).	1
 the resort is not in deep jungle as one expects it to be and second it is bit overpriced for the kind of facility and food offered (Rs 2,	0
 However the staff is very friendly and helpful.	1
 offers wonderful staying facilities.	1
 Even the dining area offers a separate floor sitting area under the trees and lined with cushions where you can have old Indian style floor sitting lunch / dinner.	1
 the room rates were much lower than next door resorts offering same kind of stuff.	1
 both of which you can actually walk through if you love long walks.	1
 Apparently this was where Ram came during his long 14 year old vanvas and met Shabri (the one who offered berries to him).	1
 climb up this mountain is must as top offers a fantastic view of entire Hampi.	1
fell in love with his court dancer and on her advice,	1
 then how did the king enjoy hindu classical dance (music and dance are unislamic as per some interpretations) and also so loved the court dancer that she was buried with him?	1
 sweets and coloured pigments everywhere,	1
 like an offer to play for Mancehester United,	1
 I was clicking around and was in love with this place literally.	1
Sun was up meanwhile and we had to stop in between to greet him warmly.	1
 All these sites offer abundant opportunities for trekking,	1
 you will find a nice Arch welcoming you to the hills.	1
 All are welcome (rather encouraged) to do meditation inside the pyramid.	1
 ""Hello my friend.	1
 which offers a relatively peaceful oasis in the middle of the crazy and crowded old city.	1
 and it still offers an amazing vista of the pink city.	1
Our trip around Rajasthan ended with a lovely 19 hour sleeper train back to Delhi,	1
 I've discovered that speaking Welsh to people who are particularly persistent helps quite a lot.	1
 I find that I'm pretty much constantly see-sawing between loving and hating this country.	0
 a cow was offered as a gift.	0
 knowing I will shortly be boarding a plane that takes me away from a place I love and have come to regard as home (or wishfully regard as home).	1
 I generally ignore beggars or try to politely and sympathetically tell them no,	0
 and doing all those cute-8-month-old-baby things like trying to wriggle out of her mother's arms to get to me and smiling each time I smiled at her.	1
 kind of going “What the hell did I get myself into?	0
into your flat and making me a part of the family – it gave me such a sense of security in Delhi and contributed in a huge way to me ending up loving the city.	1
 thank you for taking me out to breakfast on my birthday – it was such a small kindness but an example of where something small means a lot,	1
 thank you for being an incredible example of the kind of person I aspire to be – you are so real and so honest,	1
 you are one of the most stellar spirits I have ever met – thank you for your beautifully kind words as I was leaving,	1
 Tom in Goa – another amazing short but sweet adventure,	1
 I am so in love with India that it is hard to make it sound any differently!	1
 I have sweet memories and Indian warmth in my soul,	1
 spicy love in my heart.	1
 The down also has the lovely Agastyatirtha tank with the gorgeous Bhutanatha Temple jutting out from its shore but the real attraction here are the caves.	1
 who was offering us a motor boat for a decent price,	1
 I am starting to love the Indian trains.	1
 I really couldn't help but like her.	1
 they offered us a choice of rooms and we were upgraded to a club room with a view of the arabian sea.	1
 i specially enjoyed the sweet dosa and payesam and we met the bride and groom one last time and left for mangalore.	1
 a short and sweet trip to mangalore ended with biryani.	1
 After a quick welcoming from the headmistress,	1
 Other students have organised football games against the locals or have taken it upon themselves to offer their help in teaching lessons,	1
 Even more nerve-racking is the fact that we will be attending their whole-school assembly and have been invited to sing a song as part of the assembly.	1
 It really did help to hit home how lucky we all are.	1
 One which I consistently ate at is Kurunjis – a tiny outdoor restaurant on the main road about 100 meters from Charing Cross Junction – serves clean,	1
 with very courteous waiters.	1
 we had to be careful that no riksha driver was seeing that because else they immediately offered their riksha:""Get in!	0
""""" One riksha man was offering us to bring us to the beach for 10 Rupees."	1
 He invited us for a tea.	1
 There are sometimes so many staffs for so little guests that 5 staffs are standing around our table and give us new water or rice or anything thats going to finish.	1
eat a lot and offer us after the second portion much other stuff that we have to try.	1
 We were offered a better room with electricity and hot water the whole day for 300R extra.	1
 In germany the hotels would be very lucky if they had so much guests all the time!	1
She smiled and said,	1
The small Pondicherry guest was good but they had too many airborne inhuman squadrons in my room.	0
 With a smile he nodded.	1
'So my elder brother does and I will work there one day' and offered his seat.	1
I was surprised with this 'suburb hospitality' that atleast someone heard about my company name here with such respect even my CEO doesn't have for sure.	1
hardly in mid twenties named 'Madhi' greeted me with a traditional Tamilian smile.	1
 I loved this guy.	1
 The only type of advertising that is more numerous than cement advertising is political advertising,	0
 You literally cannot drive more than 20 metres in any town big or small without seeing some form of political advert,	0
 I would love to visit an Ashram one day to see how I found it,	1
 prawns and calamari served alongside vegetable fried rice I thought it would be worth the higher than usual outlay,	1
 I had been sold a deluxe BBQ fishy dream and had been served a diabolical monstrosity a sewer rat would steer clear of.	1
 I’m not a massive fan of complaining in restaurants and typically take the British view that it’s best to smile and pretend everything was great,	0
 I did offer however to pay 100 RPS for the prawns as I had eaten them by this point,	0
 Upon arrival however my mood was picked considerably by news that Chennai had an American Dinner which served bacon and sausage for breakfast,	1
 I love this country.	1
 I’m sorry to start off in such a rude manner but I’m afraid it really must be done.	0
 On another note we didn’t have a guide for the Trichy temples which probably didn’t help endear me to the temples.	0
 where we were so nicely welcomed and there was no problem with where we could or could not sit.	1
 we discovered the joys of eating with your hands: your food is served on a banana leaf,	1
 we stepped onto a street and were finally greeted by India.	1
 but it's the kind of chaos,	0
 all smiling like little children.	1
 ?? You can tell I love the meals.	1
 We only had time for a rest before the well-served set menu dinner,	1
 The cleaning ladies at the guest house all drew designs outside the door which I took a rather rubbish picture of.	1
 my chef came around greeting guests and offered to make me another dish.	1
 (This happened a little in Chennai also – very friendly and happy to see tourists.	1
Love the vivid colours and wild juxtapositions!	1
Why would she drive her cows through the woods when a lovely clear rail line is available?	0
 Several stalls were doing a brisk business selling souvenirs and objects or fruit to be used as offerings for worship.	1
 Attentive and friendly waiters served the soup and appetizers.	1
 V___ offered to include anyone who wanted in his walk around town.	1
 was lured in and successfully bargained for a lovely pale turquoise and pink shawl,	0
 Photos and extended greetings all around.	1
 At this point I went into a purple headed rage which wasn't helped when I was told it was only a five minute walk to where I wanted to be which begged the question why didn,	0
Our 24 hours plus of airports and airplanes wasn’t so bad – I forced myself into a kind of sleep after dinner on the way to Frankfurt.	1
Our hotel (Vivanta by Taj Connemara) greeted us with garlands and juice.	1
 Lovely honey-coloured marble and modern rooms.	1
 but the short version of it is that Santha is married to an abusive husband but can't get out of the marriage and in trying to help other women and serve as an example she is working for the women's organization,	0
 we broke out into huge smiles and ran towards each other,	1
 It turned out that she had declined going to her cousin's wedding and picking her husband (who is a monster) up from the hospital so that she could come meet our train,	1
They loved Mom!	1
 I loved it though,	1
Spicy love from Hindustan!	1
 not so crowded and you easily find sleeping places ?? In restaurants the food is served on palm leaves,	1
 Every newcomer was greeted with the words:"".	1
